==ATT Systems zeroes in on regional expansion==
For the average guy, a queue program is just this - press a button, receive a queue ticket, and wait in your switch. But there may be more into a queue technique than satisfies the attention. With some impressive contemplating, ATT Devices created an smart and more efficient queue process; one which tracks the main element efficiency indicators of customer service officers by capturing related studies because they get the job done.

'At any one time, we could track what a customer care officer is undertaking at his counter, with regards to how efficient he is in handling phone calls or consumers,' says ATT Systems' chief government Kenny Teo.

Employers, in turn, have the ability to gather data while in the space of customer care and make improvements to existing support criteria. The intelligent queue method is 1 of multiple IT options developed by ATT Devices.

Some others include things like employing limited message service (SMS) to remind customers of their appointments and facilitating real-time online visibility of true crowd dimension at an function.

The engineering enterprise, a first time winner on the Business 50 Awards last year, specialises in designing and creating digital systems and sub-systems for your wellbeing care, aviation, and visitors management sectors.

It caters to customers from the private and public sectors, which incorporates govt bodies such as the Land Transport Authority, SingHealth polyclinics, and the Central Provident Board, and businesses like Changi Airport Group and CapitaLand.

ATT Systems has blueprints to develop aggressively during the subsequent 3 to five many years, which will comprise an original public providing, claims Mr Teo, who is an electronic and electrical engineer by coaching and provides a degree in science and administration.

Check out the ATT Systems news release here.

Related: ATT Systems Singapore Pte Ltd | Tan Ann Jee | Kenny Teo Chin Tiong

Written by Quebec . TL. Jansen Loh helpful information in just one click  [http://business.asiaone.com/Business/SME%2BCentral/Prime%2BMovers/Story/A1Story20110315-268215.html Tan Ann Jee]