I was reading a forum post these days, and saw a complaint by an unsatisfied costumer of a company. The individual flew with an air small business, they lost the baggage, had truly poor customer assist and finally he visited their Facebook Fan Page and ranted there. [http://www.traffickeep.com/ buy Facebook likes ]

You have no image, info, link to your weblog/small business
This will be the greatest issue on all social internet sites I have applied. It is 1 of the preferred 10 reasons why you lose Twitter followers so why would Facebook be any various.

Depending on your page's purpose, you'll find distinctive images you're able to use. If the page is around you, you have to put your photo on it. If it's a Facebook Fan Page for your business, you'll be able to put a logo of your small business. If it can be a page for your blog you could crop a part of one's header and use it as the page photo (should you don't have a logo and don't want your image).

You  ought to have info section filled in. You need to tell people what the page is around. Not anybody will find your page immediately after they have visited your blog. If a friend suggested the page to a person, and he/she goes to check it out, it's the 1st experience along with your business. Make positive you inform your traffic about everything the page is around. [http://www.traffickeep.com/ buy Facebook like]

If you produced the page to promote your weblog, on the internet enterprise, or anything via the internet, you need to have a link to it. Facebook will be the countless visited site in the world and it might be a very good source of site visitors (money) for you. Make positive you show them the road to your weblog.

You never ever go to your Facebook Fan Page
Yes, you will discover people that make a page and believe that's the only factor they have to do. Well, people won't just come and for example your page. So either you might visit your page and truly control it, or you superior start spending a few money on Facebook ads.

You work on advertising your blog/web-site/enterprise? Well, exact same factor goes for your Facebook Fan Page. It is an extension of your company so you have to treat it as 1.

You do not reply to anyone on your page
Are you trying to make money online? Who is gonna create you that cash? People!!! So you have to have as many individuals as it is easy to uncover. They need to have a look at your offer and hopefully purchase. [http://www.traffickeep.com/ buy Facebook fans ]