= Overview =

This page describes the procedure to execute admin tasks.

= Subsystem-specific Tasks =

* [[CA Admin Tasks]]
* [[KRA Admin Tasks]]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/TPS-Admin-Guide TPS Admin Tasks]

= Certificate System Configuration Files =

== Managing System Passwords ==

=== Changing System Passwords ===

Current procedure:
* Open password.conf.
* Change the password.
* Save the changes.

Proposed procedure:
* pki-server password-mod -i <instance ID> <name>

=== Removing System Passwords ===

Current procedure:
* Remove password.conf

Proposed procedure:
* pki-server password-del --all

=== Restoring System Passwords ===

Current procedure:
* Create password.conf.
* Add passwords listed in cms.passwordlist.
* Save the changes.

Proposed procedure:
* pki-server password-add --all

= Basic Subsystem Management =

== Starting and Stopping Server Instances ==

=== Starting and Stopping an Server Instance ===
* pki-server instance-start [instance]
* pki-server instance-stop [instance]

=== Configuring Server Instance Auto-start ===
* pki-server instance-enable/disable [instance]

=== Checking the Server Instance Status ===
* pki-server instance-status [instance]

== Configuring Ports ==

Current procedure:
* Stop the subsystem instance.
* Open the instance's configuration directory.
* Open the server.xml file, and edit the appropriate port numbers.
* Open the web.xml file, and edit the appropriate port numbers.
* Configure SELinux to work with the new port.
* Restart the subsystem.

Proposed procedure:
* pki-server instance-stop
* pki-server instance-port-find
* pki-server instance-port-mod <name> <value>
* pki-server instance-start

== Configuring the LDAP Database ==

=== Changing the Internal Database Configuration ===

Current procedure:
* Log into the subsystem administrative console.
* In the Configuration tab, select the Internal Database tab.
* Change the Directory Server instance by changing the hostname, port, and bind DN fields.
* Click Save.
* Restart server.

Proposed procedure:
* pki-server instance-stop
* pki-server instance-config-internal-find
* pki-server instance-config-internal-mod <param> <value>
* pki-server instance-start

=== Enabling SSL Connection with Internal Database ===

See [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Enabling-SSL-Connection-with-Internal-Database [Enabling SSL Connection with Internal Database].

=== Configuring Client Certificate Authentication to Internal Database ===

See [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Configuring-Client-Certificate-Authentication-to-Internal-Database Configuring Client Certificate Authentication to Internal Database].

=== Restricting Access to the Internal Database ===

== Viewing Security Domain Configuration ==

== Backing up and Restoring Certificate System ==

=== Backing up and Restoring the LDAP Internal Database ===
=== Backing up and Restoring the SQLite Internal Database ===
=== Backing up and Restoring the Instance Directory ===

== Running Self-Tests ==

=== Running Self-Tests ===
=== Configuring Self-Tests ===
=== Modifying Self-Test Configuration ===

== Configuring POSIX System ACLs ==

= Managing Certificate System Users and Groups =

== Disabling Multi-Roles Support ==

== Managing Users and Groups for a CA, OCSP, KRA, or TKS ==

=== Managing Groups ===

==== Creating a New Group ====
==== Changing Members in a Group ====

=== Managing Users (Administrators, Agents, and Auditors) ===

==== Creating Users ====
==== Changing a Certificate System User's Certificate ====
==== Renewing Administrator, Agent, and Auditor User Certificates ====
==== Deleting a Certificate System User ====

=== Preventing Users from Belonging to Multiple Roles ===

== Creating and Managing Users for a TPS ==

=== Searching for Users ===
=== Adding Users ===
=== Setting Profiles for Users ===
=== Changing Roles for Users ===
=== Renewing TPS Agent and Administrator Certificates ===
=== Deleting Users ===

== Configuring Access Control for Users for the CA, OCSP, DRM, and TKS ==

=== Changing the Access Control Settings for the Subsystem ===
=== Editing ACLs ===

= Configuring Subsystem Logs =

== Viewing Logs ==
== Configuring Logs ==
== Managing Audit Logs ==

=== A List of Audit Events ===
=== Enabling Signed Audit Logs after Installation ===
=== Configuring Signed Audit Logs in the Console ===
=== Handling Audit Logging Failures ===
=== Signing Log Files ===

== Managing Log Modules ==

= Managing Subsystem Certificates =

== Requesting Certificates through the Console ==

=== Requesting Signing Certificates ===
=== Requesting Other Certificates ===

== Renewing Subsystem Certificates ==

=== Re-keying Certificates in the End-Entities Forms ===
=== Renewing Certificates in the Console ===
=== Renewing Certificates Using certutil ===

== Changing the Names of Subsystem Certificates ==
== Using Cross-Pair Certificates ==

=== Installing Cross-Pair Certificates ===
=== Searching for Cross-Pair Certificates ===

== Managing the Certificate Database ==

=== Installing Certificates in the Certificate System Database ===
=== Viewing Database Content ===
=== Deleting Certificates from the Database ===

== Changing the Trust Settings of a CA Certificate ==

== Managing Tokens Used by the Subsystems ==

=== Detecting Tokens ===
=== Viewing Tokens ===
=== Changing a Token's Password ===

= References =

* [[Agent Tasks]]