Growing Blueberries Using Neem Oil and Growing Other Plants Organically

This can be a product used for safe natural bug control without pesticides

It's used for organic farming of blueberries and other crops. Neem is probably probably the most important of the products sold commercially for organic farming. People value this like a natural insect repellent and pesticide. Neem oil is pure, unformulated oil and isn't registered to be used as an insecticide, fungicide or any specific herbal use. It is claimed to become a broad scale fungicide, insecticide, and miticide. 70% Neem Oil is reported to manage many diseases as well as insects and mites including whitefly, and aphid. You can use it For indoor/outdoor use on plants, flowers, vegetables, and shrubs including blueberry plants.

It is almost always light beige to brown color, and has a reasonably strong odor. It's primarily made up of triglycerides and triterpenoid compounds. It doesn't like to match water (i.e. it's hydrophobic) also it must be made using appropriate compounds, this type of soap, that lower the surface tension of the water surfactants in order to combine it into an emulsion in water for in order to be applied.

source of neem oil

What exactly is it?
The neem tree is native to eastern India and Burma. Neem seed oil is really a product which has been used in India for centuries for pest control as well as for medicinal purposes. Neem oil is obtained by crushing the seed of the neem tree. This is accomplished by cold pressing the seed of the neem tree while controlling the temperature. Another method accustomed to obtain neem seed oil is by using a solvent for that extraction purposes.

[http://landoncollins138.bravejournal.com/entry/99295 Seed Bank]

Uses of neem oil

Special mixtures made are popular like a naturally sourced substance to do something being an insect killer for organic farming. 70% It's effective for numerous diseases, as well as insects and mites. It repels a large variety of pests including caterpillars that feed on the foliage and may be a problem on blueberry plants. Other insects include aphids, whiteflies, beetles, beet armyworm, the cabbage worm, fungus gnats japan beetle, leafminers, locust, mites, larvae of moth, mushroom flies, nematodes the mealy bug, and thrips. Aphids may also be a problem on blueberry plants. They suck plant juices (sap feeders) and can be controlled by using neem oil. Aphids will also be often controlled by ladybird beetles and other natural enemies. Neem oil is not shown to be harmful to earthworms, mammals, birds or some useful insects for example butterflies, ladybugs, and honeybees. You can use it as a household product for destroying, repelling or mitigating the most popular house fly, for cockroaches, ants, bedbugs, mosquitoes, sans fly, snail, termite. Neem oil also controls anthracnose, black spot, powdery mildew, and rust (fungus).

Neem Oil affects a wide-ranging variety of insects. Using it can be a significant part of a way to accomplish a built-in insect control strategy. It's an insect bio-inhibitor absorbed through the pests. It disrupts reproduction and feeding resulting in a steady reduction in insect inhabitants. It is biodegradeable. My pal used it to get rid of whiteflies in the greenhouse and reduced the problem instantly.

Application Rates

Mix one tsp of neem oil and ½ to 2 tsp of liquid soap or any other emulsifier to mix thoroughly to 1 quart of warm water, or four tsp of neem oil and two tsp of liquid soap or basic H to 1 gallon water. Shake well. (If you are using with warm water to create the Neem oil mix easier) Make sure the oil is completely emulsified before spraying. When there is oil floating on top add more soap or emulsifier when needed. Generously spray the diluted solution the on all leaf surfaces. Spraying should be repeated every 7-10 days for 4 to 5 weeks as needed.

An excellent wetting agent to use as an emulsifier is Basic H an item sold by Shaklee Corporation.

Grow your own pesticide free crops

You can purchase blueberry plants grown pesticide free of an established nursery at excellent prices. The very best buy is two-year-old plants. Growing your personal blueberries and other crops pesticide free is really a wise move to make when it comes to your wellbeing along with the savings inside your pocketbook.

Toxicity

The primary active pesticide ingredient in neem oil is Azadirachtin. Studies done when neem leaves was adopted to feed male rats in high daily doses on the very long time. The results showed that 100% (reversible) sterility resulted. This imply that you should require neem if you are trying to get pregnant or pregnant. Why take chances if you will find unanswered questions?