Who Uses Dianabol

For a lot of bodybuilders their first introduction to steroids was Dianabol (also called D-bol by the generic name, Methandrostenelone). It's safe to say that lots of iron pumpers remember their first cycle as fondly as their first girlfriends! The Ciba Corporation first manufactured d-bol within the 1960's. Being an anabolic steroid it's chemically a derivative from the male hormone testosterone. This means that it has both anabolic (muscle building) and androgenic (masculinizing) properties. Since it's first use 4 decades ago, D-bol has become one of the most popular and sought after drugs in bodybuilding.

The great - Super potent!

When used properly, D-bol will produce outstanding mass and strength gains. As numerous bodybuilders are fond of saying "if you cannot grow on D-bol you cannot grow!" The drug's effectiveness is routinely compared to other strong steroids like Anadrol 50. For most bodybuilders a daily dosage of 4-5 tablets (20-25mg) is more than sufficient to produce dramatic results. Quite a few users do test out higher dosages, but this practice often leads to negative effects. Dianabol also combines well along with other steroids for example Deca-Durabolin, into stacks. Bodybuilders have found that for developing maximum size, a long acting testosterone analog such as enanthate is most effective.

And today for that bad

Not surprisingly, D-bol, being moderately androgenic will produce side effects. For starters the drug can be quite estrogenic in certain users. Gynecomastia (swelling of the nipple region) is usually a concern during use, and may occur quite early in the cycle (specifically if the individual used high dosages). Because of this many bodybuilders add an estrogen blocker such as Nolvadex, for their cycles. Another cosmetic side-effect is water retention. This can be a concern for competitive bodybuilders, because it will cause a notable loss of muscle definition.

[http://claireboynton7.xanga.com/766928190/what-is-dianabol/ facts about abuse of dianabol]

Besides gynecomastia and water retention D-bol can produce such androgenic negative effects as oily skin, acne and body/facial hair regrowth. There is also the possibility of aggravating hair loss in individuals genetically predisposed with this condition.

And also the ugly

Like all oral steroids, D-bol has been C-17 alpha alkylated (chemically modified in the 17th carbon position on its nucleus). Although this modification protects the drug from being deactivated by the liver, it is also toxic to the organ. Long-term exposure to C-17 alpha alkylated substances can lead to damage and perhaps the growth and development of certain forms of cancer. A mix of short (6 to 8 week) cycles and medical monitoring can reduce this risk.

Your options!

Besides the risk of side effects you will find three some other reasons to avoid using Dianabol. For starters the drug is easily detectable in drug tests. So if you're a sports athlete inside a sport which has testing, D-bol has gone out. Second, as of 1990, most steroids-including D-bol were reclassified as illegal substances. Be it cocaine, heroin, or steroids, police force types don't really care. If they nail you it's a pay raise on their behalf and incarceration for you. Enough said.

Finally another reason to pass on D-bol is that you will find options. The supplement industry makes available numerous legal alternatives to steroids. Users report outstanding muscle gains with few side effects.

The prior information has been created by experts to help you increase your knowledge base about anabolic steroids and bodybuilding supplements. Be knowledgeable. Be informed. Make the right choice!