Google Maps - Ways to get Listed on the First Page of the Search Engines Without having to pay For It



Are you aware the local business can be  listed on the first page of Google with Google Maps without paying any money?

Site owners spend big money to attain high rankings on the internet so customers will discover them easily to buy many or services.  If their site appears following the first page they will not get any traffic unless they employ other methods of marketing.

Google maps changes all of this. Now local businesses can attain first page listings without having to pay anything. When a customer enters a keyword to find a local business Google  will automatically display businesses that are closest to you. Local results are displayed above the regular listings.

Example

If a customer enters "web site design bowie maryland" they will see your company information listed towards the top of the search engine results.

How to get indexed by Google Maps

Open a merchant account at Google's local business then submit your internet site and company information. You can create multiple listings if you have several local company.

How to optimize your company listing for Google Maps

1. Pick the correct category

Go into the category that best describes your company ie website design, dentist, photographer, etc.

2. Create a captivating description

This is exactly what customers will read about your company. Describe it such as method in which they'll wish to check it out. Include keywords customers would explore to find your business.

3. Make your listing stick out

[http://localbusinessconnect.info/ How do you get on google maps]

Here are what you may include in your listing:

    Description
    Payment
    Email
    Business Hours
    Categories
    Photos
    Reviews

Enter as much information as you possibly can so it will stay ahead of your competitors (their business will be listed with yours).

4. Location

If your business location is incorporated in the center from the town, it is more likely that it will appear at the top of their email list.

5. Get listed in other local directories

Google Maps gathers its is a result of other online directories and databases therefore submit your internet site to online yellow pages and yahoo local.  Find other local directories simply by entering keyword+location in the Google search box.

6. Optimize your internet pages

Include the city and state names on the webpage of your site. Place them within the meta data and web copy.  This makes it much simpler for customers to find your business because you'll have a top listing on the internet.

7. Encourage customers to write reviews

You can improve the your listing through getting customers to create reviews that are positive about your business. The greater stars you get the higher your situation is going to be.

If you stick to the 7 steps outlined above your web site will acquire a good listing in the search engines Maps, you'll get more customers to your business making more sales.