=CoolKey Applet Information=

The following is a collection of information about the CoolKey applet. This document includes general information that would assist in compiling a document to Gemalto that would describe to them how to create a card at the factory on behalf of the customer.

We are working on code that allows the applet to accept a "Phone Home URL" upon initialization at the factory. The following information takes that into account.

*Applet Package AID: 627601FF0000
*Application Instance AID: 627601FF000000
*Applet Instance size: 18000 bytes
*Example Recommended applet file: 1.3.44724DDE.ijc, note this will change with subsequent builds of the  applet.  
**Here is a build of the latest applet: [http://directory.fedora.redhat.com/download/CardEdge.1.3.473df442.ijc Latest Applet]
**This applet has support for the including a "Phone Home URL" which is discussed below.
The new builds numbers will be appended at the end of the file name as new builds are done.
 
*Applet Install Parameters Data

   The following is a pseudo code fragment that represents how the server instantiates the applet
   during a "Format" operation.
   Here we will add the data needed for the phone home url:


A APDU is being constructed with a buffer of data.

 <b>//Install Command APDU</b>
    SetCLA(0x84);
    SetINS(0xE6);
    SetP1(0x0C);
    SetP2(0x00);

    Buffer data;
    data.reserve(32); // pre-allocate
 2-bytes   data += packageAID.size();
 n-bytes   data += packageAID;
 2-bytes   data += appletAID.size();
 n-bytes   data += appletAID;
 2-bytes   data += appletAID.size();
 n-bytes   data += appletAID;

 1-byte   data += 0x01; // length of application privileges byte
 1-byte   data += appPrivileges;
    <b>//Next block will be application specific initialization data
    //This will include an example phone home url
    // Phone home url will be different for each deployment</b>

    Buffer phone_home_url="abcd";
    Buffer installParams; 
 1-byte  installParams += 0xEF;
 1-byte   installParams += 0x04;
 1-byte   installParams += 0xC8;
 1-byte   installParams += 0x02;
    Short instanceSize = 18000; Example applet instance size
 <b>//Next 2 bytes represent the instance size</b>
 1-byte   installParams += (instanceSize>>8) & 0xff;
 1-byte   installParams += instanceSize & 0xff;

 1-byte   installParams += 0xC9;  //Constant app specific data tag
    Byte appDataSize=0x07; //Example size of application data
 1-byte   installParams += appDataSize;
    Byte phoneHomeUrlSize = 0x4 //example phone home URL size from above
 1-byte   installParams += phoneHomeUrlSize;
 n-bytes  installParams +=  phone_home_url;
 1-byte   installParams += 0x0; //Optional memory size, default to 0
 1-byte   installParams += 0x0; //Optional bit mask size, default to 0

 <b>//Append app specific data to the install data</b>
 2-bytes   data += installParams.size();
 n-bytes   data += installParams;
 1-byte    data += (BYTE) 0x00; // size of token return data

    <b>//Example data string of install command
    // Phone Home URL "abc"</b>

  <b>//Install APDU</b>
    //84 E6 0C 00 32 [INSTALL]

  <b>//Install Header Data</b>
    //06 62 76 01 FF 00 00 07 62 76 01 FF 00 00 00 
    //07 62 76 01 FF 00 00 00 01 00 0F EF 04 C8 02 20 00 C9

 <b>//What follows is the entire app specific initialization data including the phone home url</b>
 App specific data length  0x7
 Phone Home URL length     0x4
 Phone Home URL            4 bytes
 Custom memory data size   0x0
 Custom bitflags data size 0x0

    // 07 04 61 62 63 64 00 00 00