The "Fun" Method to Learn Direct Response Marketing

Funny stuff... funny stuff...

Yesterday, my wife and I were out at our local brew-pub getting our burger and beer fix. When out of the blue my spouse started to laugh. I thought she was poking fun at me.

Did I've something wedged during my teeth?

Would be a fry stuck to my cheek?

Works out neither.

And when I asked my wife why she was chuckling, she explained she felt embarrassed saying.

Embarrassed?

I said:

"Honey, we can discuss anything. You can feel at ease saying what's in your thoughts. And I promise to not judge you..."

So she caved, and told me she was excited American Idol was starting a new season.

American Idol?

I had no clue this Television show was ramping support.

So...

We finished our burgers and beer. We paid our waiter. And my wife drug me home to catch the first episode. Good thing too... as this show is bursting like a water balloon with tons of direct response marketing tips.

Like:

The strength of celebrity marketing:

Just consider the judges on American Idol. Let's see. You have Steven Tyler that has been the leading man for one of the most successful hard rock bands ever. Then, you have Jennifer Lopez who needs no explanation. And lastly, you got Randy Jackson that has worked in the music biz since the dawn of the dinosaurs.

My point?

That Idol certainly uses lots of celebrities to promote the show.

The power of contest marketing:

Contests are among the fastest (and most fun) methods to grow a small business. Just take a look at Idol. Sure, the ultimate goal would be to win and become a famous recording artist. But what really gets contestants going may be the whole concept that they're competing against everybody else.

[http://carterbailey631.blogspace.fr/5503303/Using-Direct-Response-Marketing-In-Your-Online-Business/ magazine advertising]

And nobody loves to lose.

Just how can you use a tournament to market your small business?

And the power of referral marketing:

Honestly, one of the things Used to do to build my small business so it dominated a really competitive niche is... I used multiple strategies that drove referrals through my doors all month long

American Idol does this too.

Just take a look at the number of people browsing line brought someone together... who would like to check out too. In some instances, they can brought members of the family.

Talk about the power of referral marketing.

There's many more marketing tips cleverly stuffed into each American Idol episode, you just need to understand what to look for.

And one last thing:

If you're seriously interested in growing your business, then most likely you just need a few more plans such as the one out of this article.

So ask yourself this:

Where are you able to turn for more good ideas like that which you just read in the following paragraphs?

In my humble opinion, you need to be careful in which you look for good ideas because just about everybody as well as their brother claims to be a so-called 'business expert'.

Remember:

Saying is one thing.

Doing is yet another.

And most of these "talking heads" have never run their own successful small company.