Used Fitness Equipment Repair shop Secrets That Can Save You Thousands



Seems each year there are other and much more requires brand new fitness machines, Health clubs and rehabilitation center and even individuals simply because they just can't fix their fitness machines.

Instead of needing to buy new exercise equipment I am going to share some used fitness equipment repair shop secrets that won't only help you keep your home gym equipment in great shape however the commercial exercise equipment too.

The word comes down to maintenance, just going for a couple of minutes monthly can also add years to your equipments life.

For a treadmill, simply adding some dry wax underneath the belt on both sides from the belt will help lessen the wear and tear. A simple half a second squirt on each side from the belt, gently applied by lifting the belt up with your fingers.

By making use of the dry wax in this way monthly you will extend the life of the treadmill and it running for many years of smooth service.


[http://www.thewildingshotel.co.uk/ treadmill repair]

ON a side note you won't want to apply to much dry wax because that can cause issues too, we try to do all of the equipment round the same time every month and keep a little journal and appearance off the waxing was done for the month.

Keeping just a little journal of your exercise equipment maintenance is also another good idea if put forth sell the gear and they've the service records with the sale you may get additional money for doing something that you must do anyway.

Another used fitness equipment repair secret is simple however, you would be surprised at the number of people don't do this. Turn your machine off, in the current energy conservation minded individuals they believe that unplugging in the outlet is the method to shut the equipment off. That maybe true you're shutting the machine off and saving money by not having the fitness machine connected but the circuitry is still running inside the machine.

So if you are likely to unplug the fitness equipment from the outlet be sure you turn the switch to off before you decide to unplug your exercise equipment.

This will save you from using a simple blown fuse costing you $50 plus dollars for any house call from a fitness equipment repair man.

Following a handful of these used exercise equipment repair secrets you'll find yourself saving some cash and getting a great workout too.