How Did My Glass Get Scratched

Few things are more enjoyable, than looking using your pristine windows from the convenience of your house, in the beautiful scenery outside. That view can be marred by scratches inside your window glass. No matter how clean they are, scratches it's still there.

How did my glass get scratched?

I used to believe only a diamond could scratch glass. Actually, there are many things that might have caused your scratches.

1. Scratched could be brought on by the clean-up after construction. Brick mortar, concrete, paint, if removed improperly, may cause scratches. For example: Attempting to remove concrete from the window by rubbing or scraping it'll drag the concrete across the top of the glass and possibly scratch it. You will find special solutions which will soften or dissolve the concrete to permit so that it is removed safely.

[http://www.vilago21.com/event/repair+phoenix+window/1058133/profile phoenix glass repair]

2. Simple things like a scouring pad from your sink. This may seem a quick method to remove ketchup or other grime from your window, but it can scratch or cloud the glass. Some scouring pads are safe to make use of, such as a "white pad". It's good to be absolutely certain before you begin using it though.

3. Glass that's been tinted with a film can even be scratched because of your fingernail or a dry rag.

As you can see, your glass might be scratched in many ways. Once it has been damaged it is not easy otherwise impossible to repair and dear to replace.