Cuticle Care Is Easy



Growing up, I recall my mother accustomed to break the rules her cuticles whenever she washed the dishes in the kitchen area sink. At that time, she stated that the best time to break the rules the cuticle was when your hands were really wet. As it turns out, that advice is still valid today.

The cuticle protects both base of the nail as well as your finger. When cuticles aren't properly looked after, they become dry, cracked and easily torn or cut, causing them to bleed. In a nutshell, your cuticles can become a mess.

The basics of cuticle care haven't really changed over the ages. While we might have new discoveries for anti-wrinkle agents or new hair growth products, the lonely and forgotten cuticle remains among the simplest and quickest areas to look after. The steps are pretty straight forward, uncomplicated and don't require any special potions or visits to a spa.

Cuticle Rule One: Don't push back your cuticles when they're dry. This will damage them, crack them or even cause some minor bleeding. The optimum time to treat your cuticles is when they're very wet because this softens the tissue, making it easier to control. Then, as they dry, the cuticle will remain in the place you place it.

[http://www.cuticlecare.org/ healthy cuticles]

Cuticle Rule Two: Avoid sharp metal objects. Surprisingly, you don't have to trim your cuticles. In fact, you shouldn't. Using small scissors, files or other metal tools will damage the cuticle and leave you at risk to infections. Besides, you don't need to cut them, you need to simply push them back and exfoliate them a bit.

Cuticle Rule Three: Moisturize, moisturize, moisturize. Did I mention - moisturize? For deep and nourishing hydration, try some essential oils on your nails and cuticles to leave on overnight. Essential olive oil is great, but any hydrating oil is going to do the trick. When it comes to rest of the time, apply hand lotion for your cuticles at least once each day to ensure that they're supple. The company doesn't even matter, since your cuticles aren't fussy and are rarely sensitive. Anything you dress in hand is going to do, wrinkle cream, hand lotion, baby lotion, even a little hair conditioner if you're inside a pinch. Really, anything is going to do.

There you have it. Three golden rules for cuticle care which have not changed in centuries. Strong and healthy cuticles build your nails look longer, healthier and prettier, so go ahead and, soak them, push them and lotion them every single day.