iPhone 5
The iPhone 5 is definitely an upcoming phone from Apple which will be the successor towards the popular iPhone 4S. What this means is it'll have large shoes to fill if it's going to impress us all again so because there has been no news by yet, all the experts and anyone else alike are speculating as to what Apple will include in their latest smartphone release.
There are rumours which have been believed to came from Apple staff the iPhones trademark 3.5 inch screen is going to obtain a revamp to in excess of 4 inches to contend with all of the new smartphones available on the market. It's also stated that they may receive eliminate the square edges of the apple iphone 4 and going back to the earlier designs having a curved surface. This ought to be an exciting change that will take it back ahead of the competition.


[http://www.testiphone5.net/ test iphone 5]

Several people have speculated the best way to top the 4S and other competitors would be to go 3D by using curved 3D glass. This really is backed by Apple’s supposed buying of 300 glass cutting machines, meaning if this sounds like true it could be an exciting development in the iPhone and smartphone as a whole.
The camera for that iPhone will have to be as good if not much better than other smartphones so it's suspected that it will feature an 8MP camera which will be in a position to film in 1080p.

[http://peerfly.com/x/0/3604/82434/ free iphone 5]

One of the most speculated features of the iPhone 5 is the processor. The A5 processor is said to be the most likely choice for the iPhone 5 as it is at the 4S. This is a dual core processor. Additionally, it appears like they will double the RAM to keep up with phones such as the Samsung galaxy s3 that are becoming small computers.
It appears as though SIRI will be back and most likely better with the new iPhone because it would be a major selling point for the iPhone 4S. It also looks like it will likely be made more in tune using the IOS 5 update including gesture based interface. 

[http://peerfly.com/click.php?img=0&amp;id=3604&amp;pf=82434&amp;subid=&amp;subid2=&amp;subid3=&amp;email new iphone 5]

The brand new iPhone has to top all of the smartphones on the market to help keep its place at the very top and speculators believe there are many changes towards the design Apple will make to make sure it does this. That's the reason it looks like the iPhone would be the most advanced and interesting iPhone to date and maybe phone all around.