Jilin Province, the new rural expert hotline fur animal cheap chanel bags 
14th National fur pet industry conference maintained Liaoyang
To make grinding enterprises and people closer knowledge of market demands, providing professional hides, provided by the Oriental Society regarding Agronomy specialty Society 14th National hair animal industry seminar preserved Liaoyang Town, Liaoning Province on December 17, low-cost chanel handbag. The reccommended Assembly supposed the domestic well-known experts and scholars to produce toasts, covering revenue enterprise from the fur marketplace, aquaculture marketplace from upstream to be able to midstream uncouth Piga industry in addition to downstream sectors. General Putting your unit together for two days, Commun Chaoying, executive vice chairman as well as secretary general in the morning of the 17th The far east Leather Organization, made an amazing speech around the Chinese Pelt Industry Overview in addition to development plans. Northeast Forestry University or college professor Sunrays Guangxiang domestic along with international fur industry and processing establishments, the necessities with the quality covers a keynote presentation. Jilin Farming School, Jilin State, the modern rural professional hotline fur animal authorities Rendong Bo furthermore fur animal propagation status quo to do the arrival, and also a special statement focusing on the particular survival and development strategy of small , medium-sized fur animal site grow families. The afternoon on the 17th China and taiwan Fur Information Community, director Zhang Bin in addition details this year's monk, mink, raccoon, rabbit's dealing price is released, and predicted the trend really. In addition , typically the import and upload of China and taiwan Sipintuchu Livestock rug Department Director Tian Wang is also the getting together with on recent Far east fur and goods imports and export products were released. Therefore, the representative of economic animal Graduate Institute associated with Chinese Academy associated with Agricultural Sciences specialized Li Guangyu nutritionary needs plus the development tactic regarding China's fur-bearing wildlife for farming firms and people. For the reason that fur sector chain downstream revenue enterprise, features 40 years expertise in Harbin City, Master of science. Jin hair, chairman connected with Pan plus the new hides quality prerequisites, and estimate the movements of the mink really. Around the morning from the 18th, the Mouthpiece Secretary-General of Chinese Institute of Farming Society of niche Yan brief launch are written throughout Chinese fur creature breeding industry lasting development strategy analysis report, along with stressed the value of often the fur animal propagation industry. Once the assembly, to pelt animal breeding skillfully developed also reside on the difficulties raised with the farmers who patiently clarified. For just a more direct understanding of typically the fur products sector, delegates on the afternoon from the eighteenth, the group came to typically the Liaoyang Tong Fort fur trading industry visit. This is actually the first industry in the last periods, middle in addition to lower reaches from the companies, experts get together, swap information, mention the expertise of assembly the future development of the pelt animal breeding industry, pointing out the course.
The actual 10th Shenzhen individuals favorite large subjection of 10 buckskin goods brand selection outcomes Shenzhen Leather Industry Organization, Shenzhen Radio, Film and also Television Group Economical Life Station, Shenzhen Hit Group "Jing Bao" area jointly arranged, Shenzhen Mass media Group TV route deep for the reason that fashion middle from the contractor's this year Fashion Festival Brand of the Year award wedding ceremony on 12 occured May 16 at the Nanshan District, Poly. Typically the award-winning brand is elected by open vote within the variety of professional judges, including the public's preferred brand of shoes and boots, purses and handbags, brand in addition to leather brand about three categories. That LEONIE Korea nights siquiera Teenmix, Daphne, Hudson, your girlfriend, Kang Li, kissing the people, Pada Jia, Playboy, FATO have footwear twelve-monthly Fashion Honours. 2010 Style Festival Regarding the season award wedding ceremony LEONIE Korea Tianni company jump out, had been named the tenth Shenzhen people's favored top ten leather goods brand, 
[http://sarawakkita.com/index.php?do=/blog/15207/cheap-chanel-handbag-en-more-than-the-compensation-income-is-much-higher-wh/ cheap chanel handbag]
[http://sandkistenwiki.com/index.php?title=User:DineenRidenour308 chanel bags]