= Overview =

This page assumes that the [[Beaker Client]] has been configured.

= Creating a repository of the built rpms =

Use --createrepo option in the compose scripts to create a repository
of the rpms built, like:

 $ ./compose_pki_core_packages --createrepo=conf/repository.cfg hybrid_rpms

This command builds the rpms, copies them to the REPOSITORY_LOCATION specified in the
file and creates it as a repository.
If the location specified is hosted on a httpd server, this repository
URL can be used in the job xml as a repo URL.

If a remote host name is provided then the repos are scp'ed at the
location provided on the remote host using the credentials provided.
(If no login credentials are provided, then a prompt appears asking
for them.)

= Building the task rpm and submitting the job to a beaker server =

Building the task rpm and submitting the job to a beaker server is done by executing the compose script in pki/scripts:

 $ ./compose_pki_test_package unique_identifier [--submit-tests]

The builds are done in <pki_source_root>/../package.tests/ folder.

The unique_identifier is for personalizing the rpm.

This path at which the test source is extracted from the rpm on the
beaker server is specified by the TEST variable in the
Makefile (pki/tests/dogtag/Makefile).

So another rpm with the same to-be-extracted path overwrites
the existing test code.
In order to prevent it, a unique id is asked to personalize the rpm
to provide a unique to-be-extracted path for every test rpm of
dogtag tests (especially at a user level).

The optional --submit-tests option.
This option submits the test rpm to the beaker server.

 $ ./create_beaker_job unique_identifier beaker_job_config [--submit-job]

The unique_identifier has the same functionality as the one used in the
compose_pki_test_rpm command.

The "beaker_job_config" (the absolute path of the file from /)
is for configuring the recipe of a job.

A sample configuration file is at tests/conf/beaker-job.cfg.

The repos parameter should point to the URL's to access the dogtag
rpms. The hostname means the hostname of a specific beaker test
machine. The distro_* are the details of the distribution on the
beaker server, that has to be installed on the test machine.

The optional --submit-job command submits the job to the beaker server.

Note:  A beaker job is an XML file. The template used to create a job is in
tests/dogtag/beakerjob.dogtag.xml.template.
The task /distribution/reservesys is commented. On uncommenting this
task in the template, the beaker test machine is reserved for a certain
period of time after the tests are run. This option can be used to
debug any tests that are failing.

Note:  In the case of creating a repository on a remote machine, the remote
machine must be a known_host to the local machine.

= References =

* [[Beaker]]