<h1>Home Sleep Testing for Sleep Apnea</h1>

Sleep apnea is really a disorder that causes loud snoring, cessation of breathing for the duration of the night, and extreme tiredness during the day. A person with this condition might stop breathing for ten or more seconds as a great deal of as hundred times each night. This cuts off beneficial oxygen supplies towards the brain and can have severe consequences. [http://alltransmedical.com home sleep study]

Anyone can have sleep apnea, even so for those who are a male more than the age of fifty, or should you are obese, smoke cigarettes, or consume alcohol, you are a lot more most likely to have the disorder. Using sleeping pills or sedatives, and sleeping on your back only increases the symptoms.

Sleep apnea only gets worse with time. Therefore, it can be important that you simply recognize the symptoms so you could find therapy. Since a good deal of individuals have sleep apnea and don't even recognize it, here are some common symptoms to watch for:

If you exhibit any of these symptoms, your doctor will possibly order a test that records your sleep patterns to assist diagnosis the disorder. This is continually carried out in a sleep lab exactly where you are hooked as much as machines and need to wear a mask or nasal canula. [http://alltransmedical.com/order.php driver sleep apnea]

However, there is a way that allows you to conduct the diagnostic test at home even though sleeping in the comfort of your own bed. No sleep mask or canula is required. Instead, there's a fingertip monitor that measures blood oxygen levels, physique movement, sleep stages, and sleep/wake cycles.

Anyone can order home sleep testing as long as a physician or licensed sleep specialist orders the test. The test outcomes and an interpretation are sent to your doctor who will then have the ability to give you a diagnosis and make a decision what therapy is most desirable for you.

If you have got symptoms of sleep apnea, it really is suggested that you simply take a test. Symptoms could be misleading quite often - on the other hand there are actually a number of typical symptoms, including day time sleepiness, rapid weight gain, loud snoring and high blood pressure.

If you believe that you have this condition, the preferred factor it is possible to do is test for apnea. A physician can suggest a test according to the severity of the symptoms which you are showing.