Who Uses Dianabol

For many bodybuilders their first introduction to steroids was Dianabol (also known as D-bol and by the generic name, Methandrostenelone). It's safe to say that many iron pumpers remember their first cycle as fondly his or her first girlfriends! The Ciba Corporation first manufactured d-bol in the 1960's. As an steroid ointment it's chemically an offshoot from the male hormone testosterone. This means that it's both anabolic (muscle building) and androgenic (masculinizing) properties. Becasue it is first use 40 years ago, D-bol has become one of the most popular and desired drugs in bodybuilding.

The good - Super potent!

When used properly, D-bol will produce outstanding mass and strength gains. As numerous bodybuilders are fond of saying "if you can't grow on D-bol you can't grow!" The drug's effectiveness is routinely compared to other strong steroids like Anadrol 50. For most bodybuilders a regular dosage of 4-5 tablets (20-25mg) is much more than sufficient to create dramatic results. Some users do experiment with higher dosages, but this practice often results in unwanted side effects. Dianabol also combines well along with other steroids for example Deca-Durabolin, into stacks. Bodybuilders have discovered that for developing maximum size, a long acting testosterone analog for example enanthate works best.

And today for the bad

Not surprisingly, D-bol, being moderately androgenic will produce negative effects. To begin with the drug can be very estrogenic in some users. Gynecomastia (swelling of the nipple region) is often a concern during use, and could occur quite at the start of the cycle (specifically if the individual used high dosages). For this reason many bodybuilders add an estrogen blocker such as Nolvadex, to their cycles. Another cosmetic side-effect is water retention. This is a concern for competitive bodybuilders, because it may cause a notable loss of muscle definition.

[http://www.tested.com/profile/madelinejackson1/blogs/141773/ drug abuse by teenagers is dangerous]

Besides gynecomastia and water retention D-bol can produce such androgenic side effects as oily skin, acne and body/facial hair growth. There is also the possibility of aggravating male pattern baldness in individuals genetically predisposed for this condition.

And the ugly

Like several oral steroids, D-bol has been C-17 alpha alkylated (chemically modified at the 17th carbon position on its nucleus). Although this modification protects the drug from being deactivated through the liver, it can also be toxic to the organ. Long-term exposure to C-17 alpha alkylated substances can lead to damage and perhaps even the growth and development of certain forms of cancer. A mix of short (Six to eight week) cycles and medical monitoring can reduce this risk.

The alternatives!

Aside from the risk of negative effects you will find three other reasons to avoid using Dianabol. To begin with the drug is easily detectable in drug tests. And if you're an athlete in a sport which has testing, D-bol is out. Second, as of 1990, most steroids-including D-bol were reclassified as illegal substances. Be it cocaine, heroin, or steroids, police force types don't really care. If they nail you it is a pay raise on their behalf and jail time for you. Enough said.

Finally a third reason to pass on D-bol is that there are options. The supplement industry makes available numerous legal options to steroids. Users report outstanding muscle gains with few side effects.

The previous information has been produced by experts that will help you increase your knowledge base about anabolic steroids and bodybuilding supplements. Be knowledgeable. Learn. Result in the right choice!