3 Cost-free Ways To Get Targeted Traffic To your house Business Website



If you wish to sell plenty of products, recruit an enormous quantity of affiliates or develop a huge organization of representatives... you'll need traffic and also you need plenty of it.

Before you decide to go running off to try every new fangled technique for getting good visitors to your site, you might like to understand something first.

Not all traffic sources are equal and much more importantly you need to know who your target market is in order to experience the greatest degree of conversions for that traffic you receive.

The rest of this article is likely to focus on 3 increasing visitor count methods which you can use to attract highly targeted prospects to your home business website.

Website Traffic Tactic #1. Article promotion.

Article marketing is and always is going to be one of the most effective ways to get targeted visitors to your website. Internet marketers used this technique to put the groundwork to get massive levels of visitors to their websites.

Pros -

This process of increasing visitor count doesn't have a price to implement

With even a minimum amount of market and keyword research you can begin to attract laser targeted visitors to your website.

With a lot of articles published online you'll be regarded as the expert inside your market, thus building your credibility.

You're going to get traffic from two sources simultaneously...

a. The article directories that you submit your articles to
b. The search engines

Cons -

Article promotion will require an enormous investment of your time.

The traffic won't come flooding in immediately.

Web site traffic Tactic #2. Blogging.

Blogs are fantastic cms which are simple to update and are excellent traffic magnets for the search engines.

The key for you to get plenty of targeted traffic to your blog is to add your keywords to your posts increase your site a minimum of 2-3 times each week or even more.

Pros -

Setting up a blog is very easy to do, particularly if you opt for blogger.com or wordpress.com.

You will find hundreds of templates available that will permit you to definitely customize your blog and create your personal brand.

If you choose to purchase a website name and get a webhosting account you are able to implement a variety of plugins that are offered from Wordpress.org.

[http://beta.geonorge.no/wiki/index.php?title=User:SaritaBible123 Facebook]

Cons -

Blogs that are setup on free platforms are under the control of the company providing the hosting. This means that, if anytime blogger or wordpress feel that you're violating their tos they keep up with the right to shut down your site without warning.

This might seem inconsequential, unless your site is actually earning cash, at which time, that revenue source could be instantly cut off.

Web site traffic Tactic #3. Video Marketing.

It is a known proven fact that the second biggest search engine on the web is Youtube. More and more people are using YouTube to search for information exactly the same way they would use Google.

According to technolog a subsidiary site of msnbc... "on average, a YouTube user will expend five hours out of every month watching videos."

Additionally based on the same source... "176 million U.S. Online users watched movie content in May to have an average of 15.9 hours per viewer."

Pros -

You do not need any fancy equipment to create a simple 30sec - 2min. video. Pretty much every PC, laptop and desktop computing system comes with video editing software.

Based on your keywords and topic you stand the risk of developing a viral magnet which will generate much more visitors to your website than you have ever seen.

Cons -

Video sharing upload times vary from site to site with a few being more than others.

With no proper promotion your videos could get very little to no traffic whatsoever.

Each of these three increasing visitor count tactics has the potential to generate a large targeted volume of visitors to your home business website every day. However, whenever you effectively combine all three of these methods you are able to potentially triple the increasing visitor count capacity that only one method could produce alone.