Backlink Checkers - How To Find Out The number of Sites Are Linking For you as well as your Competition

Getting traffic for your site is about links. As you get more links pointing to your site, you're going to get more visitors who read about you and also click through. Additionally you start to increase in the search engines for your keywords and obtain more free SEO traffic too. Obviously that links are important for the online business. You need to keep an eye on both your personal and your competitions backlinks. Let's talk about how you can do this with backlink checkers.

How To Check Backlinks

My personal favorite method to check backlinks is by Yahoo's Site Explorer. Unlike Google, Yahoo does a pretty good job at reporting most links that time into your site. Go to Yahoo.com and kind "link:www.yourdomainname.com" in to the search box (replacing it with your actual website name of course).

This can mention the yahoo site explorer where you can take a look at the number of pages yahoo has indexed for your site and you will also look at backlinks. You can filter the results to exhibit only pages that link to a specific page in your site and you will also filter out any internal linking (links that connect various pages on your own site).

[http://www.madville.com/blogs/428449_learn_how_to_check_backlinks_to_your_site Sitexploration blog]

Checking Your personal Backlinks

Begin by considering your personal backlinks. I love to look at links that point to my free home page, also to a few key pages on my small site that I am looking to get to position for any given keyword. As you get more links pointing to your site, your traffic and check engine rankings will go up. Your website will also gain more authority in the eyes from the big search engines like google, which will result in better still rankings and much more free SEO traffic.

Checking Your Competition's Backlinks

Now that you understand how your personal site is doing, you're ready to check on your competition. Check out their sites and backlinks. There are many valuable things you can learn.

1) How Hard It Will Be To Compete?

Fundamental essentials sites that you're competing with to get a page one results listing on Google for the keywords. Check out how many links they have built and how a lot of an authority site they have become. This will provide you with a very good idea of how hard you will have to work to beat them.

2) Where Can You Go To Get A Link?

Another thing I love to look at is how your competitor's links are originating from. Once you have that information you can then venture out, approach those sites and get those links too.