The Jimi Hendrix Facts



Jimi Hendrix was this type of dominant presence in the late 1960's music scene his whole career was full of milestones of 1 kind or another. So what "facts" help us check this out unique character more clearly? Jimi Hendrix was born on November 27, 1942 in Seattle. A family friend sold him a cheap electric guitar as he was fifteen years old. From then on he spent almost all his waking hours playing the guitar. He listened to records by B.B. King and Muddy Waters, and imitated what he heard. He reached know some other guitar lessons and learned from their store.

After a short stint in the army where he met fellow musician, Billy Cox, Jimi gone to live in Clarksville, Tennessee and formed a band. Right from the start the outrageous Jimi Hendrix persona came to the fore with Hendrix learning to play the guitar with his teeth in imitation of other guitarists he'd related to during his short career. After a hard time earning money in New York, Hendrix joined the Isley Brothers band and continued tour where he was hired included in Little Richard's backup band.

In 1966, former bassist using the Animals, Chas Chandler, was looking for a painter to perform a song he'd become mounted on. The song was "Hey Joe" and Chandler liked the way Jimi Hendrix played it. So much so he assisted Jimi in moving to London and helped him to enlist English bass player Noel Redding and drummer Mitch Mitchell as members of his new group, The Jimi Hendrix Experience. At this time Hendrix met and jammed with Eric Clapton throughout an appearance together with his new band, Cream. As he became more well-known working in london The Beatles, The Who and also the Rolling Stones became fans of his music.

[http://www.jimihendrixsextape.net/ find]

Later that year, Jimi recorded "Hey Joe" as his first single with the Jimi Hendrix Experience, followed by "Stone Free", "Purple Haze" and "The Wind Cries Mary" (all Hendrix compositions). In March 1967 Jimi set his guitar alight on stage after his behave as a part of an excursion through the Walker Brothers. In May 1967 the group released their first LP, "Are You Experienced" which reached # 2 in England behind The Beatles' "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band".

In June 1967 at the Monterey Pop Festival, Jimi Hendrix got the chance to present his flamboyant stage persona and individualistic guitar playing to audiences in the usa in the Monterey Pop Festival. It had been here that he became known internationally as the guy who burns and smashes guitars on stage. The next month Jimi heard Frank Zappa using a wah-wah pedal and immediately incorporated it into his music.

"Axis: Bold As Love", Jimi's second album was released in December 1967 and featured the wah-wah pedal and various other electronic effects. "Electric Ladyland" was released in 1968 and included "All Across the Watchtower", a song written and originally recorded by Bob Dylan being an acoustic number, and "Voodoo Child (Slight Return)". It also featured Jimi on bass as Noel Redding was engaged in separating himself in the Experience at that time.

In August 1969 Jimi Hendrix was the primary act at the Woodstock festival. He played for two hours and ended the set together with his famous rendition of Star Spangled Banner.

Jimi Hendrix gave his last concert in the Isle Of Fehman Festival in Germany on September 6, 1970. His final public appearance was at a jam session with Eric Burdon and War at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in London.

Jimi Hendrix died on September 18, 1970 after drowning in his vomit. He had drunk a lot of dark wine and, based on his friend Monika Dannemann, he had also taken sleeping pills.