Forex Trading Strategy - Ready your Chart



I'm able to think of few business endeavors that do not incorporate some sort of daily, weekly, or monthly planning. Trading Forex is no different. Whenever you take a seat for an unprepared chart you've little idea why one trade might run forever and another turns on any money.

This really is easily solved by preparing your chart. The most frustrating thing about being an unprofitable Trader is never knowing why a trade worked to your benefit and why the next trade did not. This can lead to an inability to determine where to trade from, when to take profit, where you can place your stops, and when to chop a losing trade. Inevitably, losing trades far outpace both in number and size the profitable trades. A prepared chart will help you to take trades with less risk which translates to smaller losses and more frequent gains.

The Forex currency trading strategy sections of every Forex forum website are probably the most popular. Admit it, if you are an unprofitable trader how many hours do you spend reading the latest brain-fart from some unknown who swears that because two trades worked that she or he has found the following best system.

[http://www.wheretogetengaged.com/blog/read/263494 forex scam]

The main reason the forum strategy gurus always fail and will continue to fail is that they focus on all of the wrong things. They have so many rules and indicators and spend so much time adjusting those rules and indicators they your investment most important thing... it is where you trade from which makes a big difference.

Try this exercise and see what a difference it can make. I call this my " setup method #2." Pull-up a daily chart of the favorite pair. Zoom out before you can see two months worth of price data. For example, it is July now, so pull-up a chart and ensure you can observe the daily candlesticks for May and June. Place a horizontal line in the high of June, the high of May, the reduced of June, and also the low of May. You should are in possession of a chart with four lines. That's it!

Now wait until price approaches the region of one of the four lines. You are able to trade any timeframe, only trade when price is approaching one of these simple four lines. Only take a trade when:

    Price is touching or perhaps is very close to your lines AND
    Your trading plan provides you with a signal.

Ignore other signals that occur away from wrinkles. As price approaches the areas on my pre-prepared chart, I look for simple price action candles, but you can use candlestick patterns or even that latest, greatest strategy you present in a Forex forum.

This will allow you to trade less and trade from better places. Observe how much better the worst system performs whenever you take signals generated only if price is near an essential place.