Return tool the [[CoolKey]] page.
= Prerequisites =

== Java Development Kit ==

Download and install [http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html JDK 7]. To install automatically using yum:

<pre>
% yum install java-1.7.0-openjdk-devel
</pre>

With manual installation, set JAVA_HOME environment variable to the installation directory and add $JAVA_HOME/bin to the PATH.

== Java Card Development Kit ==

Download and unpack [http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javacard/downloads/index.html Java Card Development Kit 2.2.2].

Unpack java_card_kit-2_2_2-rr-bin-<platform>-do.zip into a folder, then set the JAVACARD_KIT_DIR environment variable to that folder.

Unpack java_card_kit-2_2_2-rr-ant-tasks.zip into the same folder.

Optionally, unpack java_card_kit-2_2_2-rr-bin-docs-do.zip and java_card_kit-2_2_2-rr-specs.zip to the same folder as well.

== Open Platform Card ==
Download and unpack [http://www.globalplatform.org/specifications/archived/card-tech-201.zip Open Platform Card 2.0.1]. Unpack the included op20iad6.zip into a directory, then set the OPEN_PLATFORM_DIR environment variable to that directory.

== CAP File Transformer ==
Download and unpack [http://www.trusted-logic.com/down.php CAP File Transformer 1.5].

== Git SVN ==

Download and install git-svn. To install automatically using yum:

<pre>
% yum install git-svn
</pre>

See also [https://www.kernel.org/pub/software/scm/git/docs/git-svn.html git-svn(1) Manual Page].

== Ant ==

Download and install [http://ant.apache.org/bindownload.cgi Ant]. To install automatically using yum:

<pre>
% yum install ant
</pre>

With manual installation, set the ANT_HOME to the installation folder and add $ANT_HOME/bin into the PATH.

See also [http://ant.apache.org/manual/index.html Ant Manual].

== jCardSim ==

Download [http://jcardsim.org/ jCardSim] JAR file.

To get the source code:

<pre>
% git svn clone -s http://jcardsim.googlecode.com/svn jcardsim
</pre>

= Getting CoolKey Source Code =

Use git-svn to checkout the source code as follows:

<pre>
% git svn clone -s http://svn.fedorahosted.org/svn/coolkey
</pre>

The applet is located in the coolkey/applet folder.

Copy the default.properties to build.properties and configure the following properties:
* jcdk.dir
* openplatform.dir
* jcardsim.jar

= Building =

To build the applet execute the following command in the coolkey/applet folder:

<pre>
% ant
</pre>

= Testing =

To run the tests execute the following command in the coolkey/applet folder:

<pre>
% ant test
</pre>

= Deploying =

To generate the deployment files execute the following command in coolkey/applet folder:

<pre>
% ant deploy
</pre>

For e-gate cards use the CAP File Transformer:

<pre>
% java -jar captransf.jar lang.exp framework.exp security.exp cryto.exp -noint CardEdge.cap
</pre>

Extract the generated CAP files:

<pre>
% jar xvf CardEdge.cap.transf
</pre>

Concatenate CAP files: 

<pre>
C:\> copy Header.cap + Directory.cap + Import.cap + Applet.cap + Class.cap + Method.cap + StaticField.cap + ConstantPool.cap + RefLocation.cap + Descriptor.cap  CardEdge.bin
</pre>

<pre>
% cat Header.cap Directory.cap Import.cap Applet.cap Class.cap Method.cap StaticField.cap ConstantPool.cap RefLocation.cap Descriptor.cap > CardEdge.bin
</pre>