What exactly are Botox Injections



Botox treatments are a popular method to temporarily erase fine lines and wrinkles around the face. Unlike more invasive cosmetic surgery treatments such as a facelift, botox injections are quick, easy, relatively painless, and require no recovery time. The effects of botox don't last forever, but as long as you can afford to possess botox treatments every couple of months, you will be able to keep age away and stay looking youthful for as long as you like.

What's botox and what exactly are botox injections made from?

Botox is the most popular reputation for an ingredient called botulinum toxin A, a kind of neurotoxin made by Clostridium botulinum. Botulism is an extremely severe form of food poisoning whereby toxins produced attack the central nervous system and cause paralysis, and in serious cases, this could prove fatal. But although the botulinum toxin A is really a potentially fatal neurotoxin, it was initially discovered within the late 1970s that the botulinum toxin had therapeutic applications and also the toxin began to be used for that management of several disorders from the nervous system.

Botox injections are still used for a number of medicinal treatments, but it's perhaps extensively known for its application in anti-aging treating both men and women. When used for cosmetic purposes, botox injections are used to reduce deep frown lines between your eyes. The injection is not meant to paralyse the face area as many people think, but to relax the muscles and prevent the patient from frowning or subconsciously grimacing, thus creating further lines and deep wrinkles.

How are botox injections carried out?

The botulinum toxin may come as a crystalline substance as well as in order to inject it into the body, it should be added to a liquid, typically saline. The area of face to become injected is cleaned along with a local anaesthetic is applied to reduce the discomfort. Once the anaesthetic has taken effect, botox injections are injected.

[http://www.nyc.net.au/node/159856 Facharzt Blog: Botox]

What happens after the botox procedure?

You'll have to sit inside a semi upright position for a few minutes to ensure that you are feeling okay after the procedure. You will also be told to not lay down for between 2 and 4 hours to prevent the botox from drifting right into a different area of the face. Strenuous exercise ought to be avoided for a few hours to lessen the chance of bruising. Certain medication, in particular aspirin and ibuprofen, should also be avoided to lessen the risk of bruising.

How long will it require the botox to consider effect?

It will take between 3 and Ten days for you to see the results from the botox injections. Very deep lines over the forehead will not disappear completely, but they will be reduced. Faint lines about the eyes and across the forehead should be almost invisible when the botox has had effect. For deeper lines, it may be necessary to have more than one treatment.

How long will the botox last?

The results of botox normally last perfectly for 3-4 months, but with time you will see the muscles going back to their normal function. However, is a result of botox will be different according to the skill from the practitioner and achieving the procedure carried out by a novice physician can lead to less than satisfactory results.

What are the perils of botox injections?

Although botox is regarded as safe, there are some minor risks involved with the procedure. Some people experience discomfort in the botox treatments including headaches and flu-like symptoms. Another side-effect sometimes seen after botox injections is a drooping eyelid or eyebrow, however when the botox injections are carried out by a reputable cosmetic surgeon, this is a very rare occurrence.

Are there any people who shouldn't have botox treatments?

Botox injections contain albumin, so if you are allergic to egg, you must not have botox treatments. Botox ought to be avoided if you're pregnant.

Botox injections are widely considered to be a fast and easy method of curing lines and wrinkles. But is botox safe and can botox treatments make you appear younger?