= Working with Certificate Profiles =

== Enabling and Disabling Certificate Profiles ==

=== Viewing Certificate Profile Information ===
=== Enabling or Disabling a Certificate Profile ===

= Handling Certificate Requests =

== Listing Certificate Requests ==

Current procedure:
* Go to the Certificate Manager agent services page.
* Click List Requests.
* View certificate requests request type by selecting one of the options from the Request type menu.
* View requests by request status by selecting one of the options in the Request status menu.
* Enter the starting request identifier in decimal or hexadecimal form.
* Choose the number of matching requests to be returned.
* Click Find.

Proposed procedure:
* pki ca-cert-request-find --type <type> --status <status> --start-id <id> --page-size <size>

== Approving Requests ==

Current procedure:
* Open the agent services page.
* Click Find.
* Select the certificate request from the list.
* Choose an action and optionally add comments.
* Clicks Submit.

Proposed procedure:
* pki ca-cert-request-find
* pki ca-cert-request-review <request ID>

== Sending an Issued Certificate to the Requester ==

Current procedure:
* Create a new email addressed to the requester.
* Insert in a URL that the requester can use to access the issued certificate.

Proposed procedure:
* pki ca-cert-send <serial number> --recipient <email> --template <name>

= Signing Files with Certificates =

Current procedure:

* Open the Certificate Manager's end-entities page.
* Select the Agent-Authenticated File Signing profile.
* Enter URL Of File Being Signed.
* Click Submit.
* Click the Retrieval tab.
* Fill in the request ID, and click Submit.
* Click the Issued certificate link.
* Click Import your certificate.

Proposed procedure:
* pki client-cert-request --profile <profile> --file-url <URL>
* pki client-cert-import <nickname> --serial <serial>

= Finding and Revoking Certificates =

== Listing Certificates ==

== Revoking Certificates ==

=== Revoking Certificates ===
=== Taking Ceritificates Off Hold ===

== Managing the Certificate Revocation List ==

=== Viewing or Examining CRLs ===
=== Updating the CRL ===

= Publishing to a Directory =

== Manually Updating the Directory ==

= References =

* [[Agent Tasks]]