Mercer Island, Washington - A Healthy Living Island



A community with outstanding residential areas, open spaces, recreation sites and miles of beautiful shoreline; these are the qualities of Mercer Island, Washington. An island sitting on Lake Washington, Mercer Island is home to approximately 22, 650 people as of 2008. According to statistics, it is the most populated island or city in a lake in the country. With an area of about 12.986 square miles, Mercer Island is able to provide the needs of the residents and more.

There are a number a preserved parks and open spaces in this island that is mainly for the benefit of its residents and also the visitors. Some of these parks are the Luther Burbank Park, Park on a Lid, Freeway Sculpture Park and the Dragon Park. The Luther Burbank Park is an off-leash dog area and has picnic and barbeque facilities. It also has a fishing pier, an amphitheater, and a beach. The Dragon Park or Deane's Children Park is a park for children equipped with playground materials. Most visitors are also attracted to the local events held in the island yearly. Some of these events are the Summer Celebration, Play Away the Winter Blues and Mostly Music in the Park.

Apart from the facilities that are mainly for the enjoyment of the residents of the island, Mercer also proves to be a good place to settle down. According to statistics, Mercer Island is the wealthiest city in the State of Washington. This is based on the per capita income of the city. There are also a number of schools that the residents can send their children in to receive good education. The Island's government also launched conservation and recycling programs. The government encourages energy conservation at home, green building, and water conservation and persuades people to take action against global warming.

[http://www.directorise.com/listing/233553-Benefits-of-Selling-Your-home-Quickly-Through-Property-Buyers.html Mercer Island two story homes for sale]

The island has also prepared for emergencies and aims to be a city capable of being self-sufficient for a week during calamities. They give out courses and seminars to inform the residents about the standard operating procedures and the places where they can go to in case of a calamity. In addition to this, they also do volunteer trainings.

Apart from the recreation sites, local attractions, and festivities, Mercer Island proved to be not only a good place for a vacation but a place fit for families. The place has sufficient resources to provide employment and a healthy lifestyle to its residents. They do not only have high quality houses in family-friendly neighborhoods but has an organized government that will ensure the safety of its residents. The government also has good and environment-friendly projects that will contribute to the wellness of not just the city, but of the country and of the world.