Best Places to Live in Singapore



If you're looking for accommodations in Singapore by having an expat community, these are the areas which will interest you if you're employed in the main Central Business District. All the locations are within 17 min (or less!) drive towards the Central Business District of Singapore.

New england - Live At Katong
Expats love the east because of its closeness towards the beach, and also the entire feel of the place. It features a palm tree, sand and sea locality and its main highway is the ECP. This allows a quick drive to work in the Central Business District along a scenic expressway that provides a look at the ocean and Singapore's city skyline.

You will be interested in condos at Katong in which the rental is anywhere from $4500 up.
There're international schools located within 20 min of the condos in this area too.

West- Live At West Coast
The Vision is among the newer condos to be completed est 2014. This area is 15min drive to the main CBD and 10min to Harbor front. You'll pass Harbor front before reaching the CBD.

When you live at The Vision, you could have an ocean view and also the amenities of a city lifestyle. This area is served by 3 large parks. If you enjoy sports, exercise, convenient grocery amenities, West Coast is worth a look at.

[http://www.wheretogetengaged.com/blog/read/140783 Singapore condos reviews]

North - Live At Bukit Timah
This can be a very rich district and many expats love living here. Types of new condos listed here are Cyan located at Keng Chin Road. Even though it isn't near to the sea, many good schools both local and international schools located within Fifteen minutes of properties found here.

Central - Live At Orchard or Newton Circus
Residing in one's heart from the city means being close to shopping, Louis Vutton, Chanel, Dior. There're service apartments at Orchard, and older condos available for rent. Older units are usually more spacious, yet we can't expect the cost to be low because you are in the heart from the city.

South - Live At Sentosa Cove or Marina
This place will probably be a great spot to reside in when all amenities are fully operation by 2013. El born area is simply 15 min drive towards the Central Business District. Just like the east, you can enjoy ocean side living and also the best nightlife, dining, shopping, games, wakeboarding fun Singapore has to offer. Nearby is Sentosa in which the casino and universal studios are located.

The Marina Collection condos is really a yacht, waterfront lifestyle living that you will not find anywhere expect within the south. Should you work throughout the weekdays and wish to unwind in your yacht, then this is the place to become.