Asterix and Tintin - The very best Comic Books ever

Asterix Comics:

Compiled by Rene Goscinny and illustrated by Albert Uderzo, Asterix Comics is really a series of French comics that was first published within the late 1950's. However, after the death of Rene, Uderzo took up both the tasks and it has played an instrumental role in raising the recognition of the books.

The primary characters in the Asterix Comics are Asterix, an imaginative little Gaul, and the friend Obelix. The main plot is dependant on their little Gaulish village that's the only one not under Roman conquest, much towards the Chagrin of Julies Ceaser, the Roman Emperor.

The Gauls have to date were able to avoid occupation thanks mainly with the help of a magic potion produced by their druid, Getafix. This magic potion gives each villager superhuman strength and just Obelix is the one who doesn't have the potion because he fell in to the potion cauldron as a child and therefore it features a permanent impact on him.

Asterix Comics or The Adventures of Asterix and Obelix happen to be translated into a lot more than 30 languages worldwide and have also received numerous awards across the years. I personally love the Asterix Comics for their amazing sense of humor and tongue-in-cheek interpretations of various people and events.

[http://liamurso336.podomatic.com/entry/2012-08-05T06_17_36-07_00 Buy Asterix Comics]

Tintin Comics:

Tintin Comics or even the Adventures of Tintin, created by the Belgian artist Georges Rémi who wrote under the pen name of Hergé, is really a series of classic comics that have ended up probably the most popular comic books of the 20th century. Its popularity has soared with translations published in more than 80 languages and as per Wikipedia, more than 350 million copies of the books happen to be sold to date.

The main protagonist of the comic books is Tintin who plays a young Belgian reporter. Accompanying him through the books and nearly as famous as him is his pooch Snowy. Also included within the books are a handful of recurring characters that are essential to the story. A few of the major characters range from the brash, cynical and grumpy Captain Haddock, the brilliantly intelligent but always-lost Professor Calculus. Inserting a dash of humor in the books with their clumsy antics may be the twin duo of Thomson and Thompson, the incompetent detectives.