For Floppy Disc to USB Drive



Last week my 12 years old daughter who spends far too much time on computers inquired about "What's a floppy disk?" It seemed quite shocking in my experience that someone who spends a lot time on a computer has never heard of a floppy disk.

I remember in my friends' astonishment at my laptop lacking a floppy drive just 6 years back.

The small amount of time between my friends' surprise at my laptop and my daughter becoming computer literate was enough for bit of hardware to go from as being a near-essential part of any computer to just as one obscurity.

It just proves the speed with which hardware alterations in computing.

Even then though, rewritable CDs had become the standard method of transferring data. These were/are very unreliable though, with problems often emerging through software and hardware incompatibilities.


[http://www.foodbuzz.com/blogs/6326882-floppy-disk-drive-to-usb floppy disk to usb]

Also around 6 years back, an infinitely more reliable, although more costly, alternative was emerging; the USB drive. This cut back a chance to simply drop and drag files to removable media. It meant files might be copied towards the new drive as simply any folder on the pc and it wouldn't take considerably longer to get it done either. The typical memory size wasn't bigger than a CD around 1GB but could be bought with as many as 8GB.

The only problem with USB Flash drives was the price. While CDs and floppy disks might be bought for pennies, USB drives cost pounds, and a lot of them. As we've arrived at expect with technology, with time, more and more could be squeezed onto these portable devices and the prices continue to drop for a price unlike anything else. You can now buy a 32GB USB Drive for less than £50. To store that much data on floppy discs, you'd need over well over 20,000 of them!

What exactly would be the next method to move data around after USB drives? Rewritable Blu-ray discs can store 25GB of information and price around £4 each. The downside is that, just like rewritable DVDs, these suffer incompatibility problems and for the time being, the problem is even greater as very few computers include Blu-ray drives.


[http://adamevans045.nearlyweds.com/sites/index/1914874 floppy drive to usb]

There is one solution which will eventually see a finish to all debate over the best way to transfer data. The web supplies a practically unlimited quantity of storage space, in a fairly low cost per GB. More to the point, as many devices possess a permanent Internet connection, there is no need to physically bring the information media from one place to another.

A USB drive happens to be the fastest way to transfer data. One day the web will be a perfect means to fix all data problems. For the time being although it is held back by relatively slow data transfer rates in comparison to the likes of USB drives.