Easy Recipes - Three Easy Avocado Recipes



Do you like to eat avocados? Are you searching for new and simple recipes for them? Read this article for very easy, and incredibly tasty recipes!

Easy Recipe 1: Guacamole

Everyone loves guacamole, the very tasty avocado dip. The good news is that it is very easy to create. You just need a few avocados, garlic, salt, pepper and lime juice.

Just peel and mash avocado, put the garlic the garlic with the garlic press, add garlic, lime juice, pepper and salt towards the avocado and mix. How simple is the fact that?

When you perfect the simple guacamole, you may make various sorts of guacamole with the addition of other ingredients into it. You can include chopped onions, chopped scallions, chopped tomatoes or chopped cilantro to it.

A different way to make guacamole is to add lemon juice to avocados instead of lime juice.

[http://www.iamsport.org/pg/blog/donaldreynolds54/read/7967147/avocado-recipes-for-those-that-do-not-like-avocado favorite avocado recipe]

Serve your guacamole with corn chips and enjoy.

Easy Recipe 2: Avocado Salads With Citrus

Looking for more avocado recipes? Avocados pair perfectly with citrus juice, such as lime juice or lemon juice. And they pair really well with citrus slices, for example orange slices inside a salad.

Make a salad having a spring mix, avocado, slices of orange and red onion. You can dress it very simply, having a bit of lemon juice, salt and pepper. The color combination is extremely vibrant which avocado salad tastes great as well.

Easy Recipe 3: Avocado Salads With Tomato

One more in our great avocado recipes! Avocados also pair well great with tomatoes and onions. Another easy avocado salad recipe is as follows.

Peel and chop avocado. Chop onions, tomatoes, and cilantro. Mix these together, dress very simply with lime juice, salt, and pepper and serve.