HUD/FHA Approval For Condominium Complexes

It's Important for Your Condominium Community to become HUD/FHA Approved

The Feds changed the game.

The next step is to be HUD and FHA approved before your condominium community can offer FHA loans for your buyers. Once your complex qualifies you must be re-certified every 24 months.

If your condo community isn't HUD/FHA approved you are missing out on lots of buyers.

For people who can't qualify for conventional loans the FHA loan program is the answer.

Based on DQ News in April 2011 - 33.4% from the purchase mortgages used in 20 from the largest metro areas were FHA-Insured and the November 2010 Realtors® Confidence Index reported that Nationally 39 percent of latest buyers purchased a home with FHA-insured loans.

In case your condominium community isn't FHA approved you're missing out on lots of potential buyers. This will also affect current homeowners when they go to sell their unit.

For a lot of first time house buyers qualifying for any conventional loan isn't possible. With the FHA you will find programs that make it feasible for these folks to get affordable financing.

The advantages of the FHA Loan Program

- A minimal down payment

The FHA program lets buyers put as little as 3.5% of the cost down. Understandably this opens many doors for individuals that wouldn't otherwise be in a position to come up with a conventional deposit.

[http://www.purevolume.com/davidreynolds052/posts/1941383/condo+approval hud condo approval]

- Help with settlement costs

Qualified applicants can also receive up to 6% towards closing costs. This reduces the loan and down payment amount.

- Co-Signer requirements

Another area of the program enables a blood relative to co-sign. What makes this program different is that if the home-buyers do not have sufficient credit to qualify on their own a blood relative can co-sign without needing to live in the home that is being purchased.

With the aid of those benefits people with little credit, low and moderate incomes and first time home buyers convey more opportunities to find affordable housing.

These kinds of people constitute most of those buying homes. First time home buyers are usually the ones that are less qualified for conventional loans. Without having to be HUD approved your condo community will not be able to provide affordable financing in the FHA.

Recently HUD made drastic changes for their condo approval program. These changes jeopardize the availability of FHA loans for condominiums.

HUD Changes:

- Removal of spot approvals

- Mandatory re-certification for projects approved prior to October 2009

- Re-certification every 2 years

The removal of spot approval may cause major concern and trouble for your condominium community. Spot approvals gave every condo community a way to assist people requiring FHA programs. Loans were selected an as needed basis.

If you were relying on spot approvals to acquire financing for all those homebuyers that need FHA assistance that option is no longer available. You will not be capable of getting FHA help to buy a home in your community.

Now full HUD approval is required for anyone attempting to use the FHA loan program.

If your condominiums have to be certified or re-certified this is the time to get it done. It's anticipated there will be a boatload of applications to HUD for FHA approval within the next couple of months consider getting yours in now. First come - first served.