Much more Shopping Malls You Can Explore in Singapore



Singapore established fact for its shopping and food. There are plenty of places to shop that you'd be spoilt for choices. Most visitors will make your way Orchard Road or Scotts Road as they are the standard shopping belt in Singapore. However, there are many other options available which you'll explore, and possibly obtain a lot more from your dollar.

There is many retail or departmental stores which aren't within the central of Singapore. They're found in the regional neighborhoods serving mostly locals. That doesn't mean you'll will lose out on what's available. You'll find top brands, both local and international, at such malls too. Because of its cheaper rental as well as the main intention of serving the locals, prices of the identical products at these malls can be cheaper than what you can find at the central shopping belt.

Singapore isn't a large place and has an excellent public transport system. With the Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) system, you are able to reach these malls easily since many are just nearby stations. Even if you have a taxi or cab to any of these departmental stores, you should not be spending more than S$20 per way, based on in which you start your journey from and where you are headed to.

One of the most popular regional shopping mall could be Jurong Point Shopping Centre. It's one of the biggest, if not the largest neighborhood retail center which is at the Boon Lay MRT Station (EW27), free airline of Singapore. This retail center is well patronized by many locals and foreigners alike and you can find many shops offering clothes, shoes, bags, electronic items and much more. There are also a number of eateries offering many both local and international food.

[http://www.iamsport.org/pg/blog/brianshelton265/read/8194347/things-to-do-in-singapore Prada Singapore]

At the north part of the island, there is Northpoint, which is at Yishun MRT Station (NS13). This place is touted by many locals to be a gamers' paradise. It recently added a brand new wing to its complex bringing more shopping and food space to the mall. If you're in Singapore looking for game consoles or discs, you should look at heading to Northpoint. This really is aside from the traditional popular electronics and gadgets shopping malls like Sim Lim Square, that is at Rochor, near Bugis MRT (EW12) station and Funan Centre near City Hall MRT (EW13) station.

One extremely popular retail center for the past decades with Singaporeans would probably be Parkway Parade. Even though it is not near any MRT stations, this popular shopping centre has been upgrading its facade and facilities continuously for the past years. Large electronic devices retailers can all be found there, speaking well from the customers who throng the place especially during weekends. You can find shops selling personal accessories and much more. Make sure to go to the basement and you'll discover restaurants a food court which serves many local delights.

When you make your way the eastern a part of Singapore, you'll be spoilt for choices when it comes to shopping. From Eastpoint Mall Shopping Centre at Simei MRT (EW3) station, to White Sands Shopping Centre at Pasir Ris MRT (EW1) station you've two shopping malls that will definitely whet your shopping appetite.

At Tampines MRT (EW2) station, you have got three departmental stores all within under A few minutes of very close to one another. There is Tampines One, Tampines Mall and also the Century Square. Century Square has in the recent years evolved to cater more for that ladies and even were built with a big day to permit only ladies to enter the shopping centre! Tampines The first is the newest addition to the region and provides shoppers many brands which are not available elsewhere.

It is suggested you remain in a hotel which is around Bras Basah area where you can head towards Bugis Junction for your initial round of shopping before venturing to the neighborhood shopping malls. Just remember to plan your time and budget wisely to get the most out of your trip to Singapore.