Slushy Magic



What's Slushy Magic

Would you like a chilly, delicious slushy to sip on? Of course you do! And you could make slushies aware of Slushy Magic. Walking to the corner store isn't needed to have a cold slushy. Not to mention the money it will save you making your own slushy! Making slushy's is fun too! Kids love it! Making slushy's at home makes everyone happy and you will even become a hero in the process! Slushy Magic is family friendly, affordable and offered at most local drug stores or online.

An Easy Way to create Delicious Fun

It's all too easy to create slushys with a Slushy Magic kit mix. The kit includes all you need to make your own slushy. You supply the beverage and Slushie does the rest. What's your preferred beverage? Whatever you have on hand, soda, lemonade, apple juice, kool-aid, grape juice to name a few - all can be made into your favorite slushie drink. You receive the shaker cup, reusable lid, spoon straw, and three reusable slushy ice cubes within the kit. Plus, a handy drink guide just incase you'll need a little inspiration.

[http://blog.bizeso.com/BlogDetail.aspx?bid=67454248-32a3-468d-968e-539108b5c204 Slushy Maker]

A secure Drink

Yes, Slushie Magic is healthy and safe to drink. All components of the kit are non-toxic and meets or exceeds U.S. safety standards. Additionally, Slushy Magic ice are full of salt and water. There aren't any chemicals in the slushy magic kit. Slushy's are also BPA (bios phenol A) free. There are no warnings issued for the kit. Safe, tasty and fun all in one kit. Love it!

Make it a Healthy Magic

Slushy the right path to a healthy drink or snack. They are filling and may be considered a super fun way to get your children and you to obtain your vitamins. For healthier slushy drink mixes, try making an orange juice slushy to have with your breakfast. Afternoon snacks always taste better when you have a minimal fat chocolate milk slushy to drink. It is so enjoyable to make use of. The kit includes a drink mix idea guide too. What about a healthy pineapple juice slushy being an afternoon lift me up? Ensure that it stays low-fat and healthy by choosing 100% juices to increase the shaker cup. Milk slushy's with a touch of real vanilla out of your bakery cabinet, tastes so yummy and it is a good source of calcium too.

Children and grown ups Love It

It is a fun addition to any birthday celebration! Whether your six or sixty-five, slushy's fit right in. You decide what type of slushy to make! Little kids love apple and grape juice so keep that in mind before grabbing for the soda! Although nothing tastes better than the usual root beer slushy! Gatorade as well as low-fat chocolate or strawberry milk are really the crowd pleasers too. Among the best parts about a slushy has to be the famous slushy spoon-straw. How much fun is the fact that little tool? Well, those product inventors knew that you would require a spoon to begin with and a straw to drink the yummy goodness at the bottom from the cup too! Slushy straws really are a variety of their very own.

Adults may prefer some margarita mix shook into an incredible frozen slush. What a party! And everyone could make their own. The good thing about the ice cubes is that they are reusable. Why not get two kits and double the amount fun while you are at it. The more Slushy Magic kits the better when it comes to using a slushy making party! What a good idea. It's nice with an excuse to obtain along with your friends or family, why don't you make slushy making your traditions?