Introduction
Computer forensics is the practice of collecting, analysing and reporting on digital data in a way that's legally admissible. It is often utilised at the detection and prevention of crime and in any dispute where evidence is stored digitally. Computer forensics has comparable examination stages to other forensic disciplines and faces very same issues.

About this guide
This guide discusses laptop forensics from a neutral perspective. It isn't linked to specific legislation or intended to promote a certain business or item and just isn't written in bias of either law enforcement or commercial pc forensics. It is aimed at a non-technical audience and gives a high-level view of computer forensics. This guide uses the term "personal computer", in spite of this the ideas apply to any device capable of storing digital data. Where methodologies have been mentioned they are provided as examples only and don't constitute techniques or assistance. Copying and publishing the whole or component of this article is licensed solely under the terms of the Creative Commons - Attribution Non-Commercial 0 license

Uses of personal computer forensics
There are couple of places of crime or dispute where laptop or computer forensics can't be utilised. Law enforcement agencies have been amongst the earliest and heaviest users of laptop or computer forensics and consequently have generally been in the forefront of developments in the field. Computers may well constitute a 'scene of a crime', for example with hacking [ one] or denial of service attacks  or they could possibly hold evidence in the type of emails, on the web history, documents or other files relevant to crimes including murder, kidnap, fraud and drug trafficking. It is just not simply the content of emails, documents and other files which can be of interest to investigators but as well the 'meta-data'  associated with those files. A computer forensic examination could reveal once a document very first appeared on a computer system, as soon as it was last edited, when it was last saved or printed and which user carried out these actions.

Guidelines
For evidence to be admissible it should be dependable and not prejudicial, meaning that at all stages of this process admissibility ought to be in the forefront of a computer system forensic examiner's mind. One set of helpful hints which has been widely accepted to help in this is the Association of Chief Police Officers Good Practice Guide for Computer Based Electronic Evidence or ACPO Guide for brief. Although the ACPO Guide is aimed at United Kingdom law enforcement its principal principles are applicable to all computer system forensics in whatever legislature. The 4 principal principles from this guide have been reproduced below (with references to law enforcement removed):

No action must alter data held on a personal computer or storage media which will be thus relied upon in court.

In instances exactly where an individual finds it crucial to access original information held on a computer or storage media, that person should be competent to do so and have the ability to give evidence explaining the relevance as well as the implications of their steps.