Jimi Hendrix Biography and Top 10 Songs

The problem with this is, I'm a lefty and my father right handed and so we had to keep switching the strings about which my father moaned at. There was not a way I possibly could take part in the guitar left handed like Jimi so I eventually threw in the towel and chose to appreciate the guitar skills in others and focus my energy on other activities.

Jimi was created on November 27th 1942 in Seattle, Washington and is remembered among the greatest guitarists of all time (the greatest to me). Jimi first became famous inside the USA (his home country) and ended his career in London, England. Jimi made success in america when he performed in the Monteray Pop Festival in 1967, he later headlined in the Woodstock Festival in 1969. Jimi had many influences to his music, including Muddy Waters, B.B. King, Curtis Mayfield as well as Pete Townshend (The Who) and was also influenced by his Native American heritage.

Over the years Jimi helped to revolutionize music by developing several guitar techniques (using overdriven amplifiers to produce guitar feedback), and was among the first performers to make use of stereophonic and phasing effects in the recording studio. Jimi is also well known for his flamboyant dress sense and stage performances.

Jimi was found dead within the basement flat from the Samarkand Hotel in London (I visited see personally on the visit) and the reason for death was considered he had died by drowning on his own vomit after drinking dark wine and taking several sleep aids. Situations leading upto Jimi's death still remain somewhat a mysterious and the details vary from are accountable to report.

[http://blogs.matrix.co.il/index.php?title=User:TranthamEtter817 reference]

Jimi was awarded with a Rock N' Roll Hall Of Fame in 1992 and holds many other achievements such as Melody Maker' pop musician of the year 1967 and 1968, Rolling Stone Magazines number 1 of their 100 Greatest Guitarists Ever, and has his star around the Hollywood Walk Of Fame.

Jimi released several studio albums (some notable ones being Are You Experienced, Axis: Bold as Love, Rainbow Bridge and Electric Ladyland) and it has also released several live albums (Gang of Gypsys, Isle of Wight, and Bleeding Heart to name a few). Some of Jimi's most popular singles were: Hey Joe, Stone Free, Purple Haze, All Across the Watchtower, Foxy Lady, Voodoo Child and Little Wing.

There have been many artists and bands who have covered Jimi's songs through the years (Solution - Purple Haze, Stone Free - Eric Clapton, Bold As Love - The Pretenders) there happen to be also several tribute albums released in the honor.

My Top 10 Jimi Hendrix Songs are:

01. All Across the Watchtower
02. Hey Joe
03. Purple Haze
04. Voodoo Child
05. Crosstown Traffic
06. Little Wing
07. Stepping Stone
08. Look Over Yonder
09. Izabella
10. Spanish Castle Magic

View the full blog for my top music reviews of bands songs and artists and tell me your comments and your top songs.