What you could Learn from Kim Kardashian

I know. You're rolling your vision and going "puhleeeez, Kim, no more tabloid fodder!", yes? Well, you may already know, I'm all about conscious relating and often the interest provided to celebrities making really bad mistakes may become excellent teaching points for which NOT to do.

And, this is the situation with the recent news of Kim Kardashian and her "72 day" marriage.

I believe we can all agree both of these were possibly doomed right from the start. All of the pieces were in place; media hungry couple, money on the line, sponsors they committed to and, perhaps, more in love with the marriage they were with each other.

Whenever you strip away the cash, the cameras as well as their much talked about status, this couple's situation is not unlike regular, every day couples I've coached or met.

I've observed plenty of couples who became embroiled in the fantasy of the wedding and rush into something that , deep-down, they knew wasn't right. Every single day I speak with ladies who admit they've ignored "red flags" and warning signs - along with a surprising number who knew because they walked down the aisle they were making the largest mistake of their life. 

Once those invitations are sent, wedding gown ordered and church booked it becomes increasingly more hard to back out - pressure is on.


[http://www.kimkardashiansextapevideos.com/kim-kardashian-hot-videos/ have a peek here]

1. Decelerate
If you're in your 30's, you almost certainly have one eye in your career and the other on your biological clock. When you're within this place, marriage can seem to be like a race. The only place a "high speed connection" is suitable is with your pc, avoid a man. My recommended timeline for courtship is really as follows:

        Wait a minimum of 60 days before you decide to sleep together
        Let your new partner know no later than A few months your goal is marriage
        Be in relationship for at least 1 year before marriage

2. Deal Breakers
Similar to couples who avoid issues by putting attention on their kids, planning for a wedding works in a similar way. It sweeps issues underneath the carpet as your focus shifts to preparing for the large day. In case your values and what's important to you do not align now, they won't in the future. Know what your deal breakers are Prior to committing.

3. Nerves vs. Warning sign
Nervous excitement feels as though fun butterflies in your stomach. Making a big mistake is leaden with an uncertainty that won't disappear - that's a red flag. If that's you, then it's time to take a step back, get perspective and, if required, have a really open conversation with your mate.

If you know you're about to walk on the aisle using the wrong man, by all means have the courage to finish it. It might create a bit of drama but, let's face it, the folks you invited for your wedding are those you like probably the most - and your happiness is far more important to them a free piece of wedding cake. Flights can be re-booked, flowers cancelled and you can feel good knowing you just saved your lifetime of unhappiness.