Llandudno North Wales - A Taste of Nostalgia



In my youth I travelled to a lot of far off edges all over the world: The kind of places you need to jump on a bus full of chickens along with the local wild life to achieve some village perched on what appears like no more the earth. Despite that, I've only ventured to Wales once; as a child and that was with the school. It had been a fairly mundane experience. Therefore when friends mentioned that they discovered among the best Welsh boutique hotels in Llandudno near the West Shore - I couldn't help but be curious. Could this be true? Bona fide Boutique hotels in Llandudno? This nostalgic Victorian seaside resort being the final place I'd expect to find anything outside the mainstream soiree of Brit hotels and B and B's: A location where frozen treats along with buckets and spades ruled. However now, after going to this old Victorian seaside resort I've got a whole new perception - And that i do indeed, stand corrected.

I decided to stay at the same boutique b and b hotel my friends recommended. I arrived late morning to some warm welcome which instantly made me feel at home. My room surpassed all expectations. Furnished practically, it were built with a very plush exotic style: It certainly lived as much as its name Andaz; which means style and magnificence in Hindu....I believe! A fast power shower to get the blood flowing and it was time for you to explore.

I walked from my hotel situated on the quieter west shore towards the busier northern coast promenade. It didn't take long and the views of Anglesey and the Snowdonia mountain range were stunning. Plus, no better way to build up an appetite - Although it had been some time since breakfast! I been feeling relaxed right into a powerful ale house with pie and chips on the menu: The reduced fat salads could hold back until Monday!

[http://www.thewildingshotel.co.uk/ hotels in llandudno]

Unquestionably a stroll across the old Victorian pier around the northern coast simply oozes nostalgia: Inside a good way. The blue flag beaches are remarkably well kept and provide in the perfect spot to set up your picnic basket: Or indeed, get out your bucket and spade. There's a cable car that takes visitors as much as the Great Orme country park. However, never one for heights I chosen the truly amazing Orme Tramway: Still an excellent opportunity to take in the views WITH your feet remaining firmly on the ground. There is a small summit complex atop the truly amazing Orme: A cafe and restaurant as well as a small gift shop.

After a great day occupying myself with all of those classic pastimes which have defined the British seaside holiday for eons I arrived back inside my hotel refreshed and relaxed. Mine was one of the only hotels in Llandudno having a restaurant serving authentic Indian food; that is my all-time favourite. The meals was as excellent as was the service and also the wine list was surprisingly rounded. I'm not sure why I missed all of the good things an english seaside holiday provides. Nowadays classic seaside resorts like Llandudno have grown to be more cosmopolitan and yet that old nostalgia remains: No surprise everybody is coming back: And undoubtedly, I'll be doing the same.