Forex currency trading Strategy - Ready your Chart



I can think of few business efforts that do not involve some kind of daily, weekly, or monthly planning. Trading Forex isn't any different. Whenever you sit down for an unprepared chart you have little idea why one trade might run forever and the other activates any money.

This is easily solved by preparing your chart. Probably the most frustrating thing about being an unprofitable Trader is never knowing why a trade worked in your favor and why the next trade did not. This can lead to an inability to decide where to trade from, when you should take profit, where to place your stops, and when to cut a losing trade. Inevitably, losing trades far outpace both in number and size the profitable trades. A prepared chart will help you to take trades with less risk which translates to smaller losses and more frequent gains.

The Forex currency trading strategy sections of every Forex forum website are by far the most popular. Admit it, if you are a unprofitable trader how many hours would you spend reading the most recent brain-fart from some unknown who swears that because two trades worked that he or she has found the next best system.

[http://www.myfitnesspal.com/blog/chloebates871/view/what-forex-trading-is-about-br-371564 forex reviews]

The main reason the forum strategy gurus always fail and can continue to fail is that they focus on all of the wrong things. They have a lot of rules and indicators and spend so much time adjusting those rules and indicators they your investment most significant thing... it's where you trade from that makes all the difference.

Do this exercise and find out what a difference it can make. I refer to this as my " setup method #2." Pull-up a regular chart of your favorite pair. Zoom out until you can easily see two months worth of price data. For instance, it is July now, so pull-up a chart and ensure you can observe the daily candlesticks for May and June. Place a horizontal line in the a lot of June, our prime of May, the reduced of June, and also the low of May. You should now have a chart with four lines. There you have it!

Now hold back until price approaches the region of one of your four lines. You are able to trade any timeframe, but only trade when price is approaching one of these four lines. Just take a trade when:

    Price is touching or perhaps is not far from your lines AND
    Your trading system gives you an indication.

Ignore all other signals that occur away from these lines. As price approaches the areas on my small pre-prepared chart, I look for simple price action candles, but you can use candlestick patterns as well as that latest, greatest strategy you found in a Forex forum.

Doing this will permit you to trade less and trade from better places. Observe how far better even the worst system performs when you take signals generated only when prices are near an essential place.