Buying Original Artwork In the Comfort of Your own house



It's not necessary to be an art expert or perhaps a millionaire to have original artwork in your home or office. What's more, you don't need to trail around countless galleries either!

There are now over 20,000 web sites selling artwork around the world and whether the artist is established or newly emerging, there is a wealth of fabulous artwork just waiting to become bought.

When you are online you can just relax, put the feet up and relax. Browse the internet galleries and simply choose something you like. As Henry David Thoreau once said,
"It's not that which you see that matters, it's that which you see"

    Start small , slowly develop your own private collection. Original art collections are full of pleasure and enjoyment for their owners, regardless of the value or size. "The object of art is not to reproduce reality but to create a reality of the same intensity" (Alberto Giacometti).

Remember everyone buys art for a different reason.

    It might be for investment. Recently, art investment provides a much better return than some stock market investments, however, just like any investment; you have to be prepared to do your homework! Top quality pieces with good provenance can make permanently long-term investments.

    It might be for any gift for someone special or simply for you.

    It may be part of your brand-new, interior design makeover! Many artists are willing to 'paint to order' with a superb selection of commission work open to fit your décor and colour scheme.

So really you have to think about what you want from art.

[http://www.artpistol.co.uk/ sell art online]

    How much space do you have available?

    Is this a one-off buy for fun or are you currently thinking further ahead?

Nowadays, original artwork is accessible, affordable and sometimes downright cheap!

In fact, it is extremely sad that so many brilliant artists need to use other careers to make a living.

Well now that you have established why you want to buy the artwork, you need to establish how!

When i have mentioned, there are numerous sites available but getting a reliable site to purchase your artwork safely could be a bit of a minefield. A trusted site will always be in a position to verify the originality from the artwork.

By original, I am talking about: there's just one, signed copy or perhaps an authenticity certificate/statement where signing the work is not possible. For instance, some sculpture cannot easily be signed.

It is worth noting that most websites offer only paintings whilst some offer all styles of 'artwork'. Not only paintings in a variety of media but additionally sculpture, photography and fine ink drawings! Keep in mind that 'art' isn't just about paintings.

When it comes to limited edition prints or photography the works should be signed and numbered too so you are aware the extent from the collection.

It is useful to keep in mind that photography can be a very affordable option to paintings and again, it comes with an enormous selection of styles and subjects.

Sculpture can be wood, stone, clay, metal or many of these things. Some exceptional sculptors could carve you a group of works in all these materials following the same subject material if you want.

With all that in mind, decide what your financial allowance is. Good, original artwork can start at as little as £50. That doesn't allow it to be any less valuable like a piece of work and in the perspective of investments; the only way expires!

And lastly; what if you don't like the work when it arrives? Send it back! That's one of the benefits of charge card payments or PayPal. Provided there's been no damage a great site owner will help you to return the item just like any other purchase.

Always pay by credit card. This gives a level of protection from your bank or payment service. Certain sites will allow you to pay a little deposit to order the job after which arrange full payment later.

Online art sites make original artwork available to a wider audience and provide more artists the opportunity to show their work. That has to be a positive thing hasn't it?