How Can I Get Free Telephone service - Your Options



With unemployment rates increasing, and incomes decreasing, increasing numbers of people are trying to find utilities that are less expensive. Many individuals are beginning to ask how do i get free phone service. There are numerous programs available to people that qualify.

How Can I Get Free Phone Service With the Government?
How can I get free telephone service through the government is one of the easiest programs to utilize. The government sponsored free mobile phone program is known as SafeLink. This program was originally created for land line phones, but has extended for mobile phone services. To determine should you be eligible for a the program and if it is obtainable in your area, you can visit the SafeLink website.

Another government program that can help answer the burning question of how can I get free phone service is TracFone wireless. This program is comparable to the SafeLink as it will give you families which are considered low income having a free cellular telephone with 250 monthly minutes. With the TracFone wireless program, users possess the option to buy additional minutes each month if needed. More than 1,000,000 families with low income can enjoy the TracFone program.

[http://www.directorise.com/listing/181343-Government-Subsidized-Cellphones-From-SafeLink-Is-One-Way-to-economize.html Free phone from Safelink Wireless]

To be eligible for a either of these government programs, you will usually need to be receiving other types of government assistance such as food stamps, aid, disability, and so on. You'll generally need to use your mobile phone to pay for affairs for example employment, scheduling doctor's appointments, and to keep in touch with family members. If you are the victim of domestic abuse, you are able to make use of the SafeLink or wireless mobile phones and service from Assurance Wireless to contact a domestic violence abuse line that's provided by the service provider.

How Can I Get Free Phone Service Via a Non-Government Program?
How can I get free phone service via a national provider? Currently, Virgin Mobile is providing free cell phones and services to families that are considered low income. This program is called Assurance Wireless. The program is similar to the SafeLink program.

People who can utilize the program from Assurance Wireless are able to get a free cell phone and 250 minutes each month, at no charge. The program does not require long-term contracts, fees for activation, surcharges, and so forth. Currently, the program from Assurance Wireless is just obtainable in 22 states, but intentions of increasing to more states inside the year.

To be able to sign up for the program you will have to have a total household income that is below the poverty guidelines which are established by your state of residency. If you currently qualify for other assistance from the state or federal government, you will probably have the ability to qualify for the Assurance Wireless program. To make use of the program, you mustn't have any other family members using a government assisted mobile phone service. For all of these programs, there is a strict one mobile phone per household limit.

How do i get free telephone service is not a difficult task. It always just involves visiting the company's website, ensuring you reside in the usa that are serviced, and completing a form.