= Overview =

Dogtag Certificate System and its underlying components can often benefit from the use of various diagnostic and debugging techniques. A few of the most valuable methods are discussed below. Feel free to add other suggestions in the future.

= Debugging NSS =

* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/nss/wiki/Debugging-NSS Debugging NSS]

= Debugging JSS =

* [[Debugging JSS]]

= Debugging Tomcat JSS =

Tomcat JSS acts as a bridge between the tomcat webserver and our JSS security component. See [https://github.com/dogtagpki/tomcatjss/wiki/Configuring-Tomcat-JSS-Logging Configuring Tomcat JSS Logging].

= Debugging Dogtag CS servers with strace =

This section shows how to run strace with Dogtag servers.

* If you are debugging with the CA, then look for the file /usr/bin/dtomcat5-<instance-nme>: e.g. /usr/bin/dtomcat5-pki-ca. Edit it, and search for the line that looks like the following:

       elif [ "$1" = "start" ] ; then

and within that elif block, find the "else" block of "if [ "$1" = "-security" ] ; then" strace -o /tmp/strace.log "$_RUNJAVA" $JAVA_OPTS $CATALINA_OPTS \

Start/restart the server.

   /etc/init.d/pki-cad restart

This will write the  strace generated log in the file /tmp/strace.log

This can be used with the NSS(PKCS11) debugging method above.

= Debugging CS Using Tomcat with a Security Manager =

Out-of-the-box, Dogtag 1.1 will '''not''' run Tomcat using the Security Manager.
The means used to debug and create a valid "security policy" follows:

(1) Prepare the "/etc/init.d/&lt;pki_instance&gt;" to start using the Security Manager by adding the '''-security''' option to the start section of this script:

    # daemon --user $TOMCAT_USER $TOMCAT_SCRIPT start
    if [ ${OS} = "SunOS" ] ; then
        su  $TOMCAT_USER -c "$TOMCAT_SCRIPT start '''-security'''" > /dev/null
    else
        runuser -s /bin/bash $TOMCAT_USER -c "$TOMCAT_SCRIPT start '''-security'''" > /dev/null
    fi

(2) Set the following in "/usr/bin/dtomcat5-&lt;pki_instance&gt;":

    export CATALINA_OPTS=-Djava.security.debug=all

<ul>or, for less, but far more relevant info, use:</ul>

    export CATALINA_OPTS=-Djava.security.debug=access,failure

(3) In both cases, perform the following command sequences:

    (a) cat /dev/null > /var/log/&lt;pki_instance&gt;/catalina.out
    (b) /sbin/service &lt;pki_instance&gt; start
    (c) grep failed /var/log/&lt;pki_instance&gt;/catalina.out

<ul>Execute "/sbin/service &lt;pki_instance&gt; stop", place a new policy rule for each failure into the "/var/lib/&lt;pki_instance&gt;/conf/catalina.out", and re-run commands (a), (b), and (c) until all failures have been accounted for.</ul>

= Debugging Dogtag server Java Code over Tomcat with JDB or JSWat =

* [[Debugging PKI in Tomcat]]

= References =

* [[Troubleshooting]]
* [[JDB]]
* [[GDB]]
* [[Valgrind]]