Forex Trading Strategy - Slow Down to visit Fast



I come from a car racing background and for the reason that sport there's a saying that goes, "sometimes you have to slow down to go fast." This saying definitely applies to FX trading too.

In auto racing, like trading, most rookies believe that the harder you press the pedal, the faster you'll go. This can be true when driving inside a straight line, but racing, much like trading involves many turns. Think about a typical trading month in forex. The month begins with non-farm payroll (NFP) around the first Friday and during now price often behaves inside a certain way. During the second week of every month, after NFP, currencies will frequently change course and behave in an entirely different manner. Now look at a typical trading day. Is there this? Yes, there are times when there is more price movement, but this movement rarely moves in a straight line. As rookie traders we often put logic aside and concentrate on speed while we make an effort to trade every move we see and every gut feeling that people have. A rookie forex trader, much like the rookie race car driver, often forgets or does not appreciate that it's how you manage your car, and your account, in the curves that determines how you finish the race.

I've written before about one way you are able to slow down when trading currencies online, I refer to it as taking two weeks off. Take a break from trading and define why you desire to be an investor, what your expectations are, and whether or not those expectations are realistic. Ask may well person if you have reasonable goals and expectations inside your forex currency trading. It is easy to forget the guy with an interesting accent is trying to sell us something and we forget to ask ourselves if what we are hearing about forex success is reasonable. Forex marketers want you to believe in going fast because the faster they get you thinking, the faster you will buy.

[http://www.foodbuzz.com/blogs/6126133-how-can-you-efficiently-trade-the-foreign-exchange-market forex]

Another way to decelerate in forex trading would be to evaluate the timeframe you are deciding to trade. Sure, there's a lot more adrenaline and excitement trading a lower time period, but fast timeframes require fast decision making. Slow down and trade a greater time frame which means you will have additional time to judge the chart, choose where you wish to trade from, making better decisions. I showed countless traders how easy it is, and low stress it can be, to check on a chart two times a day rather than twice every minute.

The end goal of any forex trading strategy is to develop your account. Account growth may be the ultimate measure of success, not adrenaline. Take two weeks off and figure out why you need to trade and then slow down and see how fast your trading success can come. Your ability to deal with those trading twists and turns can make a big difference.