Bridal Makeup Tips - Finding Perfect Wedding Lipstick and Big, Beautiful Eyes

The first step: Proper Bridal Lipstick Application

Applying lipstick can be far from easy, particularly when redder shades are participating, running the chance of "bleeding". To avert this, it is important to line the outer area of the puckers, then colour the lips completely using the liner color before properly applying any lipstick. This give a handy guideline, helping you keep the lipstick within the proper boundaries. The liner-coloured layer underneath will also help your lips retain colour for considerably longer, even while the outer lipstick begins to fade away.

A powerful red shade could be a great way to distract attention from eyes, which could be considered a particularly wise decision if you've were built with a sleepless previous night the big day!

To make your lips seem more full, simply give a little gloss to their centre. It's as easy as that. You have lips which will look gorgeous all through your wedding day!

Step Two: The Best Make Up for Bigger, More Beautiful Eyes

Now you have to balance your new-look lips with some amazing bridal eyes. The good news: there isn't any eye shape or type that isn't brilliantly suitable for the smokey eye look!

[http://alexismarsh663.podomatic.com/entry/2012-08-08T14_50_44-07_00 bridal makeup]

It's well worth purchasing lighter colours: brighter, shimmering eyeshadow shades, plus some white eyeliner. This will attract more light and attention, making them seem larger and more awake.

Although it may be tempting to choose a waterproof brand (particularly if this is an outdoor wedding with uncertain weather). This could, however, do more damage than good. Waterproof eye make up will not stick to the inner eyelid, meaning the result will diminish over the course of your day. (Just be sure you arm a bridesmaid with an umbrella to protect you against nature if required!)

Make sure to use an even lighter colour underneath your skills and on the interior third to create your eyes even "larger".

For the opposite effect, black eye liner can make your vision appear darker and smaller. You might prefer this "smokey effect". Indeed, you might find going dark suits you better. Allow yourself plenty of time to experiment and ask for a variety of feedback in the weeks and months beforehand.

Miscellaneous Tips

    If you would rather people notice your vision than your lips, wear a paler lipstick shade.
    If you have dark blue circles under your eyes, this is often covered up using a concealer. Consider using a yellow-based shade, or mauve if the skin is more pale brown.
    To make your eyes appear more open, line the interior eye with a creamy white pencil.
    To give your vision a seductive cat-like look, line them with black.
    If you're wearing black, it's difficult to visit wrong with deep violet smokey eye tones.
    Metallic tones are wonderful to add a bit more colour. Just give a bit of gold, blue or bright lavender towards the inner corner of every eyelid.
    Smokey eyes don't have to be dark. Bronzed, jewelled as well as green colours might have exactly the same (or even better) effect.