<h1>Empower Network</h1>

If you might be reading this, you are most likely deciding regardless of whether or not to join the Empower Network. Frankly, with all of the hype and buzz going on around it, not searching at it is virtually impossible. With that said, it really is tempting to locate sucked in and join with out performing any due diligence. In this review, you are going to find out what the Empower Network is, who is behind it, and how it works. You'll at the same time discover a essential mistake that loads of are creating and how you are able to steer clear of it such as the plague. Ready? Let's obtain started! [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sp62iQddfXg Empower Network]

First and foremost, it's vital to have an information of who is behind The Empower Network. The Empower Network may be the creation of David Sharpe and David Wood. Launched in November 2011, the Empower Network has 'gone viral', and is taking more than the Internet. At one point, the Empower Network created the 'What's Hot' list on Alexa.com. As of this writing, it has an Alexa ranking of 2,770, which is totally incredible considering it has only been about for 30 days.

As far as the co-founders go, they each have remarkable track records at the industry, specifically at the over the internet marketing and advertising arena. David Wood is really a accurate guru marketer. He tells his story of starting, and struggling, in Network Marketing while living in a van in Hawaii. He has gone on to come to be the very best recruiter in his main business, and even a finest producer in one of the largest Attraction Marketing communities on-line at this time. David Sharpe at the same time explains his 'rags to riches' story as becoming 1 that has gone from getting a overworked and underpaid construction worker working in the hot Florida sun to becoming identified as one of the most beneficial copy writers in the market. While they each have distinctive leadership styles, together they've dynamic synergy. Personally, I such as the transparency they offer, which I think comes from the years of struggling at the business they each endured.

Contrary to what many think, The Empower Network just isn't a network advertising small business. In truth, it's nothing far more than a viral blogging platform sold by means of affiliates. As a marketer, why do you need a weblog? Because, by far, the mosttwoeffective2 way to brand your self, create leads and sell stuff on the web is by way of a personalized weblog. [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sp62iQddfXg Empower Network review]

When you sign up, you get a totally functioning wordpress weblog. This is really a true 'plug and play' method. When you turn out to be a member for $25 a month, you right away have access to a extremely optimized weblog, total with lead capture page and sales funnel. You can start out blogging quickly! The fantastic thing that couple of comprehend is that the Empower Network already has a higher page rank than someone who begins their own personal blog. Having a greater page rank will result inside your blog posts getting ranked greater and quicker on the search engines. A individual who has NEVER blogged at all can use this technique! And considering it can be a 'plug and play' platform, you don't need to fiddle with hard plug-ins or discover all kinds of numerous header tags.

If you are a seasoned blogger already, there is certainly but a amazing amount of value for you to come across an Empower Network blog. Without getting overly challenging, you'll be able to simply use it to uncover high authority and beneficial backlinks to your current blog.

While the 'plug and play' weblog may be the core product, there too an Inner Circle membership that provides you access to a couple of hours of advanced marketing and advertising training from David Wood, David Sharpe and1twoother12 ideal creating members. Lastly, there is also a product known as the Costa Rica Intensive, that's a complete video course that covers a multitude of marketing and advertising topics. [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sp62iQddfXg Empower Network scam]

Aside from the viral blogging platform, the major thing that attracts significantly more individuals could be the prospective of developing 100% commissions directly deposited to your account. That is unheard of at the on the internet marketing and advertising industry. This is because a lot of individuals who develop money over the internet make only a percentage of the sale (anywhere from two% all the way as much as 50%) rather of earning all 100% of it. Additionally, commissions are consistently paid out weeks or even months later, not right away.