Briana Banks (born Briana Bany on May 21, 1978 in Munich, Germany) is really a German-born American pornographic actress and model.

Born in Munich, Germany, for an American mother and German father, Banks moved to Britain in the age of four, after which to the Los Angeles suburb of Simi Valley in California, United States when she was seven years of age. Her father still lives in Germany. She moved out of her mother's house when she was sixteen, taking her fourteen years old sister with her. She got custody of her sister when she turned eighteen. She modeled as a teenager, including a cover of teenybopper Magazine. She held various other jobs before entering the adult industry; making pizza, clerk at an arts and crafts store, file clerk, and secretary.

At 21, in August 1999, she taken care of immediately an advertisement in the newspaper to do nude modeling for adult magazines. The photographer put her inside a pornographic film. Her first film was University Coeds 18, for Dane Entertainment, in which she performed opposite Brandon Iron. She entered the as "Mirage", but began calling herself "Briana Banks" in 2000, after having the very first of two breast enhancement operations. Her first appearance as 'Briana' was in the film Decadent Whores 9. She appeared in Penthouse magazine as Pet from the Month in June 2001. Exactly the same year, she signed with Vivid Entertainment.

[http://www.brianabanksvideos.net I thought about this]

Banks claims to possess the longest legs in the business (36" inseam), and it is considered to be large breasts on the thin body. She has a ribbon tattoo on her behalf back and a tattoo of the spiderweb on her behalf elbow. For several years, her regular boyfriend was pornographic actor Bobby Vitale, but they split up by 2006.

In 2002 Banks was among the first pornographic actresses to have an action figure made in her likeness, by Los Angeles based company Cyber F/X and Sota Toys.

Banks was a contributing author in the 2004 book How you can Have a XXX Love life: The best Vivid Guide (ISBN 9780060581480, from ReganBooks). Within the book she along with other Vivid contract stars give advice and tips about sex, as well as relate anecdotes using their personal sex-lives.

On 13 October 2006, WTAE-TV News in Pittsburgh, PA reported that Banks, called "a local porn star", was filing a federal lawsuit seeking more than $75,000 in damages against Doc Johnson Enterprises, a sex toy manufacturer, claiming the organization violated an agreement to create molds of her genitals, making 10 unauthorized products from those reproductions while the agreement was that the company would only make two.