How Do Zeekler and ZeekRewards Make Money



If you are a skeptic like me then you may be wondering how do Zeekler and ZeekRewards makes anything? In this article I'll explain to you how the company makes money and why they're willing to share their profits with you to make it a WIN-WIN situation for everyone.

Hint: Penny Auctions are wonderful money spinners and Zeekler wants to become the best and also the most widely used Penny Auction on the web! To do this they need entrepreneurs like you and me to advertise their business model.

How does Zeekler and ZeekRewards make money? The company has four streams of income:

    Selling of items on the auction website including penny auctions.
    Affiliate membership fees.
    Selling/using of Bid Packs.
    FSC Stores.

(1) They sell stuff (items!) and the buyers pay for that. Please read below why penny auctions are profitable.

(2) Another obvious source of income. Upgraded members pay a monthly fee.

[http://thedatahub.org/user/login?came_from=http://thedatahub.org/dataset/new 500 free zeekler penny auction bids]

(3) That one might look obvious but there's a bit more to it than simply selling Bid Packs.

(4) FSCStores have been around for a long time with millions of members around the world and are on offer to ZeeklerRewards members to supplement benefit. Although I don't have access to the financial reports Penny Auctions are without a doubt the biggest source of income.

Exactly what is a Penny Auction? On traditional sites like eBay you can place bids for free. On the other hand penny auctions have a price to be bid on. For every bid you place, you need to pay some money. Also, you cannot place any bid amount that you want. You are able to only place a bid that would increase the price of the item by 1 cent typically (in some cases, it may be 2 cents as well). Penny auction websites earn money is as simple as selling the person bids. The price of each penny bids varies depending on the penny auction. At zeekler.com the bids may cost from 65 cents to $1.0. In case your bid is unsuccessful you lose the bid money. If however successful you can buy an item well below its market value at time greater than 90% discount.

How do Penny Auction sites earn money? To find out how penny auctions can give away such deals like a camera for $10 or Macbook for $50, let's do a small math problem: Suppose at an auction in which the Macbook was given away for $50, which isn't typical but one of the lowest prices of the Macbook. You may think that is a good deal, but let's consider the auction in more detail. For the Macbook to sell at $50, there would have been 5000 bids because each bid increases the price by 1 cent. When 5000 bids are put, it cost a total of 5000X$0.60 = $3000. The typical price of the product may be around $1000, to ensure that continues to be an awesome $2000 profit for the penny auction. So the site still makes money even by giving away Macbooks for $50! Usually a Macbook auction might go higher.

IMPORTANT: to keep your bids at Zeekler.com for $0.65 per bid but you will Not need to do that! If you purchase the a little more expensive bids at ZeekRewards.com you get an equal add up to you buy the car deposited in the retail profit sharing pool where you start making large number on money on a daily basis since the company is willing to share 5% of their profit with you. So that as you realize by now that will enable you to get back a profit of 0.5% to two.0% each day on the amount os VIP bids that you have purchased.

Why Zeekler and ZeekRewards pay their affiliates Zeekler wants to get to be the most widely used and number 1 Penny Auction site on the internet inside the shortest time period. Basically this is a product driven company with revenue sharing. The philosophy is simple; instead of spending truck loads of money on advertising / Google rankings and what not, they reward their affiliates, that is us, for advertising and getting the news out. Whatever you are required to do to be eligible for a your share in the daily revenue is placing 1 ad each day. They can give you the ads and places to post. That's less than A few minutes work each day. And wait till the thing is the rewards! Obviously they want to expand and reach as numerous internet users as you possibly can. Therefore they need you to definitely share their great opportunity with other people. So in addition to the revenue sharing you receive for advertising additionally they reward you for sponsoring others. That is optional of course but when you do it could improve your income enormously!