= Instance Files =

The instance files are located in /var/lib/pki/<instance>.

== Systemd Files ==

The instance systemd files are:

* /etc/systemd/system/pki-tomcatd.target.wants/pki-tomcatd@<instance>.service
* /etc/systemd/system/pki-tomcatd-nuxwdog.target.wants/pki-tomcatd-nuxwdog@<instance>.service

See also [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Systemd Systemd].

= Subsystem Files =

The subsystem files are located in /var/lib/pki/<instance>.

= Log Files =

== Install Log Files ==

The install log files are located in /var/log/pki.

== Upgrade Log Files ==

The upgrade log files are located in /var/log/pki.

== Instance Log Files ==

The instance log files are located in /var/log/pki/<instance>.

== Subsystem Log Files ==

The subsystem log files are located in /var/log/pki/<instance>/<subsystem>.

= Shared Files =

== Common Files ==

The files that are used by both client and server are located in /usr/share/pki.

== Server Shared Files ==

The files that are used by the server only are located in /usr/share/pki/server.

== Subsystem Shared Files ==

The files that are used by all subsystems on the same machine are located in /usr/share/pki/<subsystem>.

= Java Libraries =

Java libraries are located in /usr/share/java/pki.

= Python Libraries =

Python libraries are stored in /usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pki.

= Systemd Files =

Systemd files are stored in /etc/systemd/system and /usr/lib/systemd/system.

= Admin Tools =

Admin tools are stored in /usr/sbin.

= Documentations =

Documentations are stored in /usr/share/doc/pki-base and /usr/share/man.