What's Forex? A Quick Guide Into the World of Currencies



So let's get started! What's Forex?

Forex is short for for FOReign EXchange. The foreign currency is a currencies market where currencies are traded. It represents the biggest financial market in the world with daily trading volume exceeding $4 trillion. Just to compare, other real estate markets such as equities at $50 billion daily trading volume, and also the futures market at $30 billion in daily volume you can begin to realize how big the animal and more importantly the infinite trading opportunities that lie before you!

The foreign exchange market is really a 24 hour market running from Monday morning in Tokyo to Friday evening in Ny - non-stop action across the globe! This can be different vastly in the other real estate markets (like stock markets and commodities exchanges) which open at the beginning of and close at the end of their trading day. They're directly tied to the time zone they are in which means they are more difficult to trade. So for instance, for somebody living in Australia, if they wanted to trade the united states stock market they'd need to be up all night to do so because of the time difference. You'll have no such problems in Forex! You are able to trade at any time, anytime you like. Obviously, the best times to trade are when the biggest investing arenas are open - that's the US and European markets - as the biggest players are out to play and liquidity is at its highest.

[http://www.vilago21.com/event/What+is+Forex+Trading+_+Making+Money+With+Forex+Exchange/1119119/profile about forex trading]

The players that come into the forex market vary significantly, its probably the only marketplace and you'll discover traders with $500 accounts trading against big players (and winning!) for example hedge funds, large banks, corporations and governments!

OK so I recieve what Forex is, but explain Forex Trading!

Essentially, Forex currency trading means exchanging once currency with another, for a time period, for a profit. In this business (yes it's a business) you're basically speculating that, for several reasons, you anticipate that the currency will go up or down with regards to another currency and you're prepared to bet a certain amount of your capital to profit from that idea. For example, you may expect the Euro to increase from the US Dollar, so you buy Euro's then sell US Dollars. Once the Euro actually goes up, marketing the Euro's, buy $ $ $ $ and take your profit.

Fundamental economic news and political situations play a huge role within the fluctuation in value of a currency for just about any given country. I'll be going into a lot more detail relating to this within the Fundamental vs Technical trading article which you'll be posting in this series!