== nike football jerseys nfl ==

The suspect <br> <p> newspaper Changzhou call (Reporter Li Jiawei correspondent Kongtai Long Sun Ming Shan) around September 13, 20, 307 State Road in Cangzhou City, Yang Guantun sections occurred in the Traffic Accident, the victim died on the spot. September 14, 20, the Cangzhou police to criminal suspects escorted back to Tsang. </P> <p> September 13, 19, 59, Cangzhou City traffic police brigade received command center in the State Road 307, Yang Guantun sections of road accident, the victim died,<b><em>[http://www.nike-nfl.org/ nike nfl hats]</em></b>, the car accident escape. The police quickly arrived on the scene found the victim is female, the scene only to find that some of the shards of glass. Immediately, Cangzhou City traffic police brigade commence a search of the corner, but when it, Mopai. </P> <p> September 14 morning, the brightest team to grasp the clues brought together: the victims are, Cangxian Jie Town, riding the bike has been rolled rotten; the insider has found, but dark, fast car, only to grasp the car accident is likely to be a blue van; around the monitoring point video is for the transfer of ... </p> <p> the transfer of video, the police grasp to the car accident license, and upon inspection, the car is a transportation company in Tianjin. The police immediately rushed to Tianjin, and in the afternoon saw the suspect Wenjun. </P> <p> Wenjun, Dongping in Shandong Province, born in 1987, Tianjin, a freight company car. He explained to the police, the afternoon incident from Tianjin Tanggu drive to Changzhou Development Zone, delivery, unloaded the car went to the high-speed toll station, the results of an accident on the way. He said the time of the incident, he was picked up the cup to drink water, the opposite of the results just coming to a large truck headlights, his eyes were shaking a bit, then I heard a broken. The face of this sudden accident, Wenjun said was very scared, he reduced speed, looked at looked at it from the side mirror to what, so they left. </P> <p> Wenjun said he from QINGXIAN under high-speed, and then open the Tianjin Jinghai County to the team called. That evening he had been afraid to the team after the morning to sit in the car. After dawn, the team the person in charge to let him go back to the pending message. In apprehension, in the afternoon, he saw police investigators rushed to Tianjin, Cangzhou City traffic police the Second Battalion. </P> <p> reporter learned that, Wenjun has many years of work experience, his parents were ordinary peasants, year plans to marry later quit the job, go home. He said the only regret. </P> <p> the police have Wenjun implementation of detention, the case is under further investigation. </P>