Which kind of Projection screen Will i Need



Many people, when setting up a home theatre projector system, focus simply on the projector and don't give much considered to the kind of screen required, which frequently results in an unpleasant viewing experience. While projecting images onto a wall results in a lot of the sunshine being absorbed through the wall, a projector is particularly designed to maximize the image quality, contrast and sharpness by returning the majority of the projected light to the crowd.

There are numerous types of screens available in the market these days, which are made to suit individual needs. The one that will work for you depends upon several factors like the projector format, screen gain, size availability etc. It is, therefore, vitally important to do a thorough research and choose a screen which will provide you with the cheapest.

Types of Projector Screens

Manual Projector Screens: These types of screens are extremely similar to shutters, which can be pulled down when required and retracted back into the shell having a simple push. Manual screens are inexpensive, easy to install and straightforward to use.



[http://www.projectorsite.co.uk/index.php?p=catalog&parent=18&pg=1 buy projector screen]

Electric projector screens: Also known as motorized projector screens, electric screens work in similar fashion to some manual screen using the only difference being that rather than manually pulling them on the work is made by an auto. The stop/start button may be located close to the electric projector screens or can also be done remotely, with respect to the setup you select. Motorized screens are costlier than fixed screens.

Portable Projector Screens: Portable projection screens are ideal for individuals who desire to carry their projectors to meetings and conferences. When selecting to buy this type of projector, it is extremely important to keep your screen case length in your mind as it can add a great deal towards the screen size. The portable screens are usually obtainable in floor, tripod and tabletop screen variants.

Rear Projector Screens: These screens are usually according to rear projection techniques. Inside a rear projection screen, the projector is positioned at the back of the screen and the images are projected through the screen for that audience to determine. These kinds of screens are noticed in theatres or stage performances where people are expected to walk while watching screen frequently.

Fixed Projector Screen: Permanent or fixed screens are among the more expensive possibilities. As the name suggests, permanent screens cannot be retracted when not in use and therefore are thus seen in locations that are designated as dedicated home theatre rooms.