PS3 Blu-Ray Problems - How to Fix Them



One of the most complicated parts on a PS3 may be the Blu-ray player. Partly, the reason being it is a sophisticated bit of technology, that permits you to make use of the console to experience the very best in PS3 games and to watch movies online as well all in amazing hd quality. However, like many pieces of sophisticated technology, the Blu-ray player is somewhat fragile and it is vulnerable to develop problems. This is particularly true if you are an avid gamer and use your PS3 a lot.

So, what exactly are a few of the common causes of PS3 Blu-ray problems and just how can you fix them? Probably the most frequent issue that arises is the PS3 Blu-ray player gets out of alignment. This can happen when the unit is accidentally dropped, as well as during particularly intense game play. You can sometimes actually hear the disc making an odd noise when spinning if it continues to be knocked out of alignment. However, do not despair if this happens. A great PS3 repair guide can instruct yourself on how you can check and ensure the PS3 Blu-ray player is aligned properly, or re-align it if necessary.

[http://en.wiki.ma.savannahsoft.eu/index.php?title=User:CuomoMichell813 KES-400A Laser]

Another common reason for PS3 Blu-ray problems is dust or dirt build up. Many of the a problem when there is dirt around the lens, and if so, you will need to clean the Blu-ray lens. It is extremely easy to clean the lens yourself using the right tools and instructions. However, if you do not understand what you are doing you can easily damage the unit. To begin, you should get some good Blu-Ray lens cleaner, which frequently includes detailed instructions for use. However, to clean the Blu-ray lens in the PS3 additionally, you will need to open up the unit and understand how to remove and reinstall the player. To assist with this process, a PS3 home repair manual will be very useful.

Finally, another PS3 Blu-ray problem you may encounter is by using the laser itself. In such cases, you may need to actually replace the laser. This can be a fairly rare problem, and if your PS3 is still under warranty you can send it to Sony to be repaired. However, if it's not under warranty any more, and you do not have the $150 to repair the unit, is also possible to purchase the parts (around $30) and make the repairs yourself.