Twitter Marketing - Use TweetAdder to Automate Your Twitter Business

OK...I'm addicted on twitter. I likely did exactly what a large amount of you have done: I registered with twitter some months back...checked out it...and said.."Now what am I supposed to use it?" And walked away.

But, i quickly sat in on the webinar, referring to social media. About having 100,000 followers on twitter, and how twitter is used to 'introduce' your company, send helpful suggestions, and then move followers to wherever you would like them to go.

So, I went back to twitter, got TweetAdder, and also the proverbial lightbulb went off. After 1 week, I now have 1700 followers, and also have set up a second account, specifically for local 'Tweeters'

TweetAdder automates almost everything you would like to do with twitter. As I am penning this article, TweetAdder has added 100 followers to my account, and it is automatically sending my tweets which i setup last night.

There's a growing number of twitter programs that will fit everything in you could ever want on twiiter: But TweetAdder is the just one which i have found which will do all of that...automatically.

For instance, you will find programs to find people for you to follow. However they is only going to LIST those individuals; you need to go through and 'follow' them yourself. TweetAdder allows you to search for individuals to follow by tweets, their bio, location (zip code, city,state), as well as following a followers of specific members. You choose how many you need to follow, click on the mouse, and TweetAdder not just finds the people, but it automatically SIGNS YOU As an admirer. You are able to set it and walk away.

[http://bigonezero.com/wiki/index.php?title=User:ClaudettaCunha929 tweet adder]

Technology-not only to automate your tweets. Prepare your messages all at one time, make about 20 of them. Load them into the 'Tweet" submitter, and reduce the program. Now, automatically, every 40-60 minutes, depending on the setting that YOU set, your 'tweets' go out.

TweetAdder monitors your 'Follows', as well as your 'Followers. Your 'Unfollows' are also automated. Select how many you need to unfollow, and TweetAdder takes care of it. Direct Messages can also be sent...to whatever class of followers you want....'New followers first', 'Random followers', etc.

You can set everything up at once; getting new follows, following new follows, unfollowing, DMs, Tweets, and going to the 'Automation' page, and click...TweetAdder runs without anyone's knowledge.

There are various programs which will do many of these services, and many seem to be free. TweetAdder is $55 for one account; up to five accounts can be handled for an additional $19. Why can you want extra accounts? I have a general account, that is centered on businesses and online marketing; I have just started another account, which will be dedicated to local tweeters, based on zip code. The affiliate marketing program is excellent; 50%. Sell 2, and your program is free of charge.