Which Type of Projector Screen Do I Need



Many people, when generating a home theatre projector system, focus simply around the projector and don't give much thought to the type of screen required, which often results in an unpleasant viewing experience. While projecting images onto a wall results in much of the light being absorbed through the wall, a projector is especially made to increase the image quality, contrast and sharpness by returning the majority of the projected light back to the audience.

There are numerous types of screens available for sale these days, which are designed to suit individual needs. The one that is useful for you depends on several factors such as the projector format, screen gain, size availability etc. It is, therefore, extremely important to do a thorough research and choose a screen that will provide you with the cheapest.

Kinds of Projector Screens

Manual Projector Screens: These types of screens are very much like window shades, which may be pulled down when needed and retracted back into the shell having a simple push. Manual screens are inexpensive, easy to install and simple to use.



[http://www.projectorsite.co.uk/index.php?p=catalog&parent=18&pg=1 cheap projector screen]

Electric projector screens: Also called motorized projector screens, electric screens work in similar fashion to a manual screen with the only difference being that instead of manually pulling them down the work is made by an electric motor. The stop/start button might be located close to the electric projector screens or can also be done remotely, depending on the setup you choose. Motorized screens are costlier than fixed screens.

Portable Projector Screens: Portable projection screens are ideal for people who desire to carry their projectors to meetings and conferences. When choosing to purchase this type of projector, it is extremely important to keep the screen case length in mind as it can certainly give a great deal to the display size. The portable screens are generally available in floor, tripod and tabletop screen variants.

Rear Projector Screens: These screens are generally based on rear projection techniques. Inside a rear projection screen, the projector is placed at the rear of the screen and the images are projected with the screen for the audience to see. These types of screens are seen in theatres or stage performances where individuals are likely to walk in front of the screen frequently.

Fixed Projection screen: Permanent or fixed screens are among the more costly possibilities. Because the name suggests, permanent screens cannot be retracted when not in use and are thus seen in locations that are designated as dedicated home theatre rooms.