10 From the Surest Methods for getting Facebook Likes



Do you have a Facebook page and wanted to get Facebook likes to promote your business or manage your image? The best thing about having a page is you can now use of it even if they aren't members of Facebook. Having a Facebook page, you can easily get in touch and interact with your visitors as well as your prospects. A Facebook page has so many benefits because it provides a base camp for your business. Needless to say, the best Facebook page would have lots of fans or "likes". If you wish to jump-start your web presence and gain in followers, you can implement the next ways to get Facebook likes:

1. Firstly. The best way to alert your friends or network about your page would be to post a status update requesting your network to become listed on your Facebook page. Now don't just ask them to join without giving them some juicy bits by what the page is about and why they ought to join and connect to your page.

2. One way to effectively get Facebook likes is to give incentives to people. You are able to for instance give away discounts, exclusive videos and so forth to make it more compelling for people to click on the "like" button.

3. Install a "Like Box" inside your website. You'd be amiss if you do not take advantage of this Facebook feature in your website. The "like box"builder tool is customizable and would be efficient in allowing your site visitors to be a fan without leaving your website.

[http://www.nyc.net.au/node/312170 free facebook fans]

4. Tag your status. This cool feature in Facebook will help you to tag your page inside your status by entering the @ sign and the name of the page or person you need to tag. This can elicit attention that will get Facebook likes to your page.

5. Another cool feature in your page is the "suggest to friends". You can use this feature to invite your network to go to your page and join. However, do that cautiously as you should not annoy people by bombarding all of them with frequent invitations.

6. If you would like your page to explode virally, you can link your Facebook page to twitter. This strategy allows all your posts be delivered to twitter having a link back to your Facebook post. This is a smart way to get Facebook likes from among your twitter followers.

7. Another way to stir excitement and create a buzz would be to conduct a tournament exclusively for fans. You are able to run the contest using wildfireapp. Just ensure to review the Facebook "statement of right and responsibilities" before conducting someone to avoid any inconveniences.

8. Blog about this! Aside from posting status updates regarding your page, you can also mention your Facebook page in your blogs.

9. Another good way to get Facebook likes is to put a hyperlink of the Facebook page on your profile by putting your page under employment. This can add prominence for your page because it is going to be shown beneath your name in your profile.

10. Put your Facebook page/link on your email signature and forum signature. For each time you signal an email or post a comment inside a forum, you will also be subtly promoting your page.

Implement the above mentioned 10 methods for getting Facebook likes and you'll definitely skyrocket your page popularity!