Textured Wall Coating For Concrete Walls Transforms The Ugly In to the Beautiful



For those who have an ugly concrete wall and you want to make it look like something from House Beautiful, you may have to think of opting for textured wall coating. They are paint that have been specifically designed for concrete walls. Usually these are labeled "concrete paint" or "mortar paint." These are usually water based too and don't have the associated toxic fumes as those present in oil based acrylic paints which are created for metal and wood surfaces.

These textured wall coatings are an excellent way not only to protect the wall and people living in the house, but they are even the excellent method to add the fab into a normally boring wall. Actually, nowadays there are concrete paints that after applied, dries into different colors that are similar to the look of the textured wall paper.

These water based paints are extremely safe and simple to use, they are water after all. In fact, all that is required to wash the roller brush is to wash it in flowing water, not the turpentine or paint thinners for that acrylic paint that are very malodorous and may be a health hazard. Actually, many find that simply by adding water in to the paint, they can already dilute it making it easier to apply.

[http://www.kaneva.com/blog/379386.blog Click Here]

The textured paint can also help protect the wall from the elements, especially the rain. Water based it might be, but they are the best protectors from the rain and also the sun. these paints are created with additives that will guarantee this. Forms of highly resistant to algae and fungal growth. In fact, many basement walls produced from concrete would advantage from the paint because these can resist the growth of black fungus, a highly toxic plant that releases spores and cause health problems.

For those who have cracked walls, there is no need to despair. All it requires is the concrete textured wall coating that's thick enough it may cover the defects effectively. For that bigger cracks, all it requires is a little little bit of fixing and two coats of paint. This will not only add a freshness towards the look of an otherwise gray and boring rough wall, but it will also make life healthier and brighter for everybody in the home. With so many colors and textures to choose from, there is no way to miss out on a great choice of paint.