10 Things You Need to understand Before choosing Used Copiers



If you are planning to buy second hand copiers then there are some things you have to know about. This stuff will help you buy a copier which will work for more than a few months and convey quality copies. If you purchase a used copier then certain things need to be checked out.

1. Age of copier

Should you be looking to purchase a pre-owned copier you should know just a little about the copier. The brand name is the to begin with to visit but understanding how old the copier is would also be a good idea. The life span of the copier is only a certain period of time before you won't be able to make use of it any more.

2. Availability of spares

There are specific stuff that you have to get for your copier. Ink cartridges is one of these things but there is a problem. Following a specific amount of your time a copier becomes obsolete and company will no longer manufacture the ink cartridges. Knowing if you can get cartridges is essential.

3. What it really did before

Who used the copier before and just how much work it did can also be important. Ex lease equipment is one of the types of used copiers you'll be able to get. You ought to be careful with this type of copier as it may already went through a heavy use and want to become cleaned and serviced soon.

[http://soulscribe.com/modules/smartsection/item.php?itemid=11081 used copy machines]

4. Refurbished copiers

Another kind of copier you will get is a refurbished one. Lots of people think that this is a good kind of second hand copier because it was already serviced. Of course you will need to be sure that the refurbishment ended by someone reputable.

5. The refurbishment process

If you are going to buy a refurbished copier you will have to know how the copier was refurbished. Just having the copier cleaned inside and outside will not always fix an issue the copier had. Ask the individual you are buying from about the refurbishment process so that you know if it's more descriptive than a simple clean.

6. Service contracts

Taking a look in the service contract can also be very important. When you buy the copier obtain a contract which will cover all of the services you might need. Most important is to get one that covers maintenance services and parts they need.

7. As new contracts

If a machine continues to be refurbished correctly then tthere shouldn't be trouble with getting an as new contract. All contracts should be the same as if you have a brand new machine. When there is a problem with getting this kind of contract then there might be a problem with the refurbishment process.

8. Lease before buying

An option that may be open would be to lease the used copier before you purchase it. This is a fantastic way to see the condition of the copier and if it's well worth the money. Additionally, you will have the ability to find out if the copier will meet your requirements.

9. Look at the cover

While people say to not judge a book by its cover a copier is another thing all together. If the casing from the copier is damaged and it has large creaks in it then you definitely need to look at not buying it. Additionally buttons which are worn or missing make the perfect indication from the life expectancy of the copier.

10. New features

Should you purchase a used copier at all? New models may have additional features and they'll also be more environmentally friendly. If you purchase an older copier then you'll not have access to the same features. Additionally you may find that you use more resources.

There are a variety of items to look at when buying second hand copiers. You should know the process used to fix the copier. Service contracts ought to be as new and the same as new copiers or there might be a problem.