What are the Negative effects of Krill Oil



Krill oil is a natural extract in the krill, a shrimp like marine invertebrates, found along the coast of Antarctic Ocean. Krill oil offers many benefits for humans and it has been consumed for many years in China for its superior benefits. Krill Oil used for exactly the same reasons people use fish oil but it is more useful on a number of other health benefits. Krill oil contains powerful antioxidant astaxanthin which is an effective in preventing ageing. It's regarded as probably the most effective anti ageing element as it goes beyond the brain- blood barrier to safeguard the attack of free radical damage to central nervous system, eye and brain.

The Main Advantages of Using this Supplement Are:

High Cholesterol: It is very effective to lessen the level of bad cholesterol or LDL and boost the good cholesterol of HDL in our body. A recent study among 120 people says oil from krill reduced the LDL by 34% and increased HDL by 43.50%. The effect of omega-3 fatty acids was observed over another similar group in which the LDL was reduced by 4.60% and HDL increased by 4.20% only.

Arthritis: A daily supplement of Krill oil is very effective in reducing arthritis symptoms and irritations.

[http://www.purevolume.com/seanaaron236/posts/2183302/Why+Krill+Oil+Is+Better+Than+Fish+Oil antarctic krill]

Premenstrual syndrome or pms (PMS): It relieves the symptoms of Premenstrual syndrome or pms and dysmenorrhoea, a problem during menstruation.

Improvement of Brain function: The fundamental essential fatty acids like EPA and DHA, available in this oil, improves the concentrating power and lifts the mood.

Great for Skin Health: Essential fatty acids present in this cure the acnes; reduce wrinkles and several other skin problems.

Age-related macular degeneration (ARMD): Perhaps this really is one of many reasons of blindness and may be protected by the carotenoid astaxanthin and also the omega-3s present in oil from krill.

Joint and Bone Health: Oil from krill maintains healthy bones with flexible joints in older people.

The circumstances of Diabetes, Depression and ADHD or Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder could be improved with krill.

Potential Negative effects of Krill Oil

It is a natural product free of contaminations. Theoretically, it's no harmful elements and safe to consume. But one must remember that, all nutrients shall be taken at recommended dosages for its optimal benefits.

Krill Oil also has very good blood thinning properties to avoid heart related issues. But individuals with blood coagulation problems should naturally take expert advice when considering krill supplement.

    People that are suffering from shell fish allergies can experience rare allergic attack.
    People who are suffering from IBS or bowel problem can experience diarrhea in rare cases.
    Consuming krill oil on empty stomach may result fishy breath.
    People who're highly sensitive to vitamins and supplements may experience nausea.

It has been determined that oil from krill is superior to fish oils on many important nourishment and health advantages. It's absorbed by body easier and good for all around both mental and physical wellness.