Resort Real Estate - Why Its Prices Behave Differently



Luxury Resort Real Estate

What's resort property? It may be defined as property situated in a residential area that thrives on tourism and where ownership of second or third homes constitute a substantial area of the general owning a home.

Aspen real estate is really a prime example of an extravagance resort market. Aspen is home to four exceptional ski mountains with a lively winter tourism industry and summers offer mild temperatures to enjoy the plentiful outdoors. The majority of homes owned within the Aspen or Snowmass market are second homes. The typical vacation home within the Roaring Fork Valley is utilized under 30 days each year on average.

Average single-family homes in Aspen start at about $5 million, Snowmass homes are available in just a little lower at around $3.5 million on average. So it's clear that property within this mountain resort falls into the luxury homes category. However the Colorado Mountains and its ski resort towns like Vail, Beaver Creek and Breckenridge are in no way the only real resorts having a luxury designation. Resort towns span coast to coast. From the Florida Keys or even the Carolina cost line to the mountains of Utah and California.

Something all these resorts share is that their real estate markets are not following a same rules as suburbia.

Property Finances

1) People who can afford to buy second homes must by definition be somewhat successful to get to that stage. It appears therefore less likely that they would be seduced by obscure financing products.

2) Lending criteria on second homes are and also have been tighter than for primary residences. It is not uncommon for lenders to ask 20% recorded on these kinds of deals. Therefore it is harder to get inverted in your mortgage.

3) In luxury resorts like Aspen or Snowmass 60%-70% of real estate transactions are cash transactions. No financing involved. Negative cash flow is therefore no problem during these situations.

[http://www.facebook.com/skihomesonline Find Vail homes for sale]

4) Rental income from properties not used for most of the year can soften the negative income if your mortgage is involved.

Property Desirability and Liquidity

1) Resorts obviously are something. They have something that people desire. This may be mountains, lakes, the ocean, a special climate or island setting. Really anything, but it must be special.

2) Resort property is really a luxury good. It's not necessary to own. Therefore makes it easier for people to divest of luxury property holdings. Properties owned in any of the desirable luxury destinations are a more liquid asset. The security that properties tend to be more fungible helps property owners divest of them faster if necessary.

3) In most cases resorts offer limited availability. Associated with pension transfer things desirable they aren't available in unlimited quantities. There is only a lot land inside a mountain valley and there's only that much beachfront property, there are only a lot of skiable mountains, you receive the drift.

Overall it may be said that resort second homes would be the first asset that'll be sold when individuals have been in financial distress. However it's not as likely that those who own resort property like Aspen real estate might have overextended themselves to begin with. This combined with tighter lending criteria for second homes makes it not as likely the general mortgage troubles spell over to the second real estate market. So long as the economy only experiences an average downturn the luxury property segment might actually profit. It's not uncommon to find a re-allocation of wealth from bonds and stocks into property when in uncertainties. And so the top quality from the market will weather the storms a lot better than many people expect.