How Did My Glass Get Scratched

Few things are more fun, than looking using your pristine windows from the convenience of your house, in the beautiful scenery outside. That view can be marred by scratches in your window glass. Regardless of how clean they're, scratches it's still there.

How did my glass get scratched?

I used to believe only a diamond could scratch glass. Actually, there are lots of things that could have caused your scratches.

1. Scratched can be brought on by the clean-up after construction. Brick mortar, concrete, paint, if removed improperly, may cause scratches. For instance: Attempting to remove concrete from a window by rubbing or scraping it'll drag the concrete across the top of the glass and possibly scratch it. There are special solutions that will soften or dissolve the concrete to permit so that it is removed safely.

[http://www.purevolume.com/harryperez402/posts/1853502/window+repair+phoenix window repair phoenix]

2. Something as simple as a scouring pad from your sink. This may seem a quick method to remove ketchup or any other grime out of your window, but it can scratch or cloud the glass. Some scouring pads are secure to make use of, like a "white pad". It is good to be very sure before you begin utilizing it though.

3. Glass that has been tinted by a film can also be scratched by your fingernail or a dry rag.

As you can see, your glass might be scratched in lots of ways. Once it has been damaged it is not easy if not impossible to repair and dear to replace.