Win Freestyle Rap Battles - How to Freestyle Rap Diss



If you want to win freestyle rap battles, then look at this. You will learn how to freestyle rap diss.

Probably the most common and popular way to flow in your rap battles is by using your memory. Today we'll discuss this method and see how it fits in together with your flow.

The first thing to seem to comprehend is that this is a great way to freestyle rap. Whenever you flow making use of your memory, you're actually saying stuff that you have previously considered saying. Basically when you are using your memory, you've previously planned what you are going to say and you say it from memory when the time comes to say it.

This method isn't just using your memory. You are actually thinking and freestyling. You actually thing of the items you want to say after which say the words that you simply remember. This is actually the original method to freestyle and from a lyrical standpoint is a great way to battle, because the rhyming is usually fantastic.

[http://sofiahefner638.blogspace.fr/5395899/No-Holds-Barred-How-To-Rap-Battle-Like-A-Beast/ Let It Shine Final Rap]

As great because this method is, it also has some drawbacks. Your rhymes may sound stilted and different if you're not careful, you may be forcing what and they won't rhyme correctly using the flow.

Another drawback to the memory method is which you may forget what you were going to say. Unfortunately, at these times you may find that you have places of silence in your flow. The interruptions inside your flow may also interrupt your battles, putting you at a disadvantage throughout the battle.

So always make sure that you utilize your memory together with making use of your senses as well as your feelings, to ensure that should you encounter any interruptions you will have something to help you fill in the spaces.