Montana Real Estate - Big Sky Country



Montana is known as Big Sky Country for that wide-open spaces you'll find there. Fortunately, Montana real estate is inexpensive enough to make it a great relocation spot.

Montana

Montana has probably the most beautiful scenery in the United States. With towering mountain ranges, wide-open prairies and absolutely stunning national parks, their state truly fits the "big sky" moniker. Using the Rocky Mountains and Glacier National Park, the state is world wide attraction for outdoor enthusiasts looking to hike, mountain climb, camp, fish, ski and merely get away from everything. If you are fed up with residing in neighborhood where the homes are two feet from one another, Montana provides a respite.

Billings

A railroad town, Billings is recognized as a big city in Montana. Sitting below 400 foot sandstone cliffs, the large town is tucked right into a prairie area and offers a good base camp for the rest of the state. The climate in the town is certainly one having a country and western theme. The downtown area has seen redevelopment efforts, but the town still retains a hard working railroad influence. A good place to raise a family, however, you can perform better in Montana.

[http://%3a4ca0dfbbd6bb400d8dc0cdf29ed270f0Post%3aeb36afd8-9db9-4599-84e1-cfe0a411dfee big sky mt real estate]

Bozeman

Bozeman is a slice of heaven located roughly 90 miles from Yellowstone National Park. Occur the end of a lush valley, the city includes a picket fence feel and is encompassed by stunning mountain ranges peaked with snow throughout the year. If you like to get out and explore nature, the town is centrally located to some of the greatest hiking and fishing in the united states. Although things aren't out of control yet, Bozeman has turned into a small hot spot for celebrities. It is nothing like Aspen, Colorado, but caution.

Montana Real Estate

Montana real estates prices are surprisingly reasonable because of the spectacular scenery within the state. Obviously, cold winters turn away some people, however the landscape is a feast for the eyes even in winter. Anyway, just one family home in Billings will definitely cost $145,000 on average as the same home in Bozeman will run in the $280,000 range.

The appreciation rate for Montana property was a robust 12.Five percent for 2005. Put one other way, the key appears to be escaping ..