Asterix and Tintin - The Best Comic Books ever

Asterix Comics:

Compiled by Rene Goscinny and illustrated by Albert Uderzo, Asterix Comics is really a series of French comic books that was first published within the late 1950's. However, after the death of Rene, Uderzo used both the tasks and has played an instrumental role in raising the popularity of the books.

The main characters within the Asterix Comics are Asterix, an imaginative little Gaul, and the friend Obelix. The primary plot is centered on their little Gaulish village that's the only one not under Roman conquest, much to the Chagrin of Julies Ceaser, the Roman Emperor.

The Gauls have so far were able to avoid occupation thanks mainly with the aid of a magic potion made by their druid, Getafix. This magic potion gives each villager superhuman strength and just Obelix is the one who doesn't have the potion because he fell into the potion cauldron growing up and hence it has a permanent impact on him.

Asterix Comics or The Adventures of Asterix and Obelix have been translated into a lot more than 30 languages worldwide and have also received numerous awards across the years. I personally love the Asterix Comics for his or her amazing spontaneity and tongue-in-cheek interpretations of various people and events.

[http://www.nyc.net.au/node/248938 where can i buy asterix comics in India]

Tintin Comics:

Tintin Comics or even the Adventures of Tintin, created by the Belgian artist Georges Rémi who wrote underneath the pen name of Hergé, is a series of classic comics that have ended up one of the most popular comic books of the 20th century. Its popularity has soared with translations published in more than 80 languages so that as per Wikipedia, a lot more than 350 million copies from the books happen to be sold up to now.

The primary protagonist from the comics is Tintin who plays a Belgian reporter. Accompanying him through the books and almost as famous as him is his pooch Snowy. Also included in the books are a handful of recurring characters that are necessary to the story. A few of the major characters include the brash, cynical and grumpy Captain Haddock, the brilliantly intelligent but always-lost Professor Calculus. Inserting a dash of humor in the books with their clumsy antics may be the twin duo of Thomson and Thompson, the incompetent detectives.