Wood Is Back: Advantages of Wooden Doors



There is a new trend in door appeal that isn't really new whatsoever; it is a blast from the past. For many years, homeowners have been touting the heavy duty, metal doors or even the more recent fiberglass versions because the best selections for appearance, weather seal, and protection. That mantra is different. News headlines in home design publications have slowly caught on, announcing that "wood is back."

Size Accommodation
For older homes that have shifted, for homes with new flooring within the entry, or the contractor that has the need for an odd-sized door, wood could possibly be the perfect option. When flooring sits excessive for any traditional length door to pass smoothly over or when everything doesn't line up perfect, wood could be trimmed to size, permitting the ultimate flexibility. This, alone, is one of the most important causes of the renewed interest in wood doors.

Customizable Beauty
As hard as they try, manufacturers just can't reproduce the feel of natural wood. With every cut as being a unique pattern, wood grain is enticing in a lot of ways. If one adds to this the option of thousands of types of glass inserts, trimming details, and hundreds of different stains, every single wooden door can be made to match the personality from the homeowner inside a fantastic way.

[http://www.buycustomdoors.com/ door]

Lasting Beauty
You will find, obviously, arguments made against wood doors, citing the need for more regular maintenance. Wooden door manufacturers have been forced to step up their game since being given direct competitors - those creating the molded metal and fiberglass doors. The weaknesses of wood - primarily moisture damage - needed to be addressed if consumers would return their attention to the carved beauties. The manufacturers met the task and also have devised many new sealants and re-engineered the doors to be sturdier and fewer prone to water damage and mold. Using alternating grains and high-quality adhesives, the individual panels are made stronger and more resilient. Today, with the right amount of care, wood can actually endure better and longer than other door types.

You should remember, when choosing a new door, that all doors require some maintenance in order to retain their initial appeal. Fiberglass will have to be repainted regularly and metal has the unique ability to rust or corrode. Every single number of door types will need some degree of maintenance, but when the advantages - beauty, individuality, longevity - make the effort worthwhile, then you know you have found a door that you could love.