La Crosse Technology BC-700 Alpha Power Charger Review



The La Crosse Technology BC-700 Alpha Power Battery Charger is one which has an impressive good reputation for a long and useful life like a charger.

Most chargers signal the end of the charging period by having an LED light. That's sufficient in most cases, but this charger goes well beyond might shows you the particular mAh (one-thousandth of the ampere-hour) on the LCD panel. The benefit here's you know exactly how much of a charge has been set up in your battery.

This charger goes up to 700mAh since it's maximum rate which is somewhat slower than its big brother the BC-9009, there is additionally a benefit to the slower rate. In fact, the truth is that a slower rate can be a good thing. You do not necessarily desire a fast charge, since the faster the charge the more heat is generated and, as you may know, heat is one of the big enemies of batteries and it can shorten the overall life much more than contact with cold.

[http://www.wayn.com/waynblog.html?wci=viewentry&entry_key=1229741 Bc 700]

Another really good feature of this recharger is that you can mix or match Double A or Triple A sized batteries for charging in the four available charging slots. Many rechargers require you to charge batteries in matched pairs which may be awkward and inconvenient in case your toys, games or flashlight uses a strange quantity of batteries. In that case, it is sometimes essential to charge more batteries than necessary just to get the job done and that's not what you're looking for.

The BC-700 Alpha is small , light weight that makes it easily portable and convenient to store. It's also a good choice to take on trips when battery charging will be needed. For international use, it uses different voltages, up to 240V, to help you ensure that it stays in your travel bag too. If you are looking for a reliable little charger that you can use to recharge Double A and Triple A batteries, you have to take a look at the La Crosse Technology BC-700 Alpha Power Battery Charger.