10 Types of Jewelry For males



Whenever we think about jewelry, we automatically think about jewelry for ladies. These days it's becoming increasingly common and fashionable for men to wear jewelry. Although much of men's jewelry serves an objective, there are lots of items that have no other purpose than to complement a man's natural visual appearance. Read on to discover some obvious (and some not too obvious) jewelry selections for men.

Create a Statement with Men's Jewelry

1. Watches

Timepieces have been around for a few centuries and serve a good purpose. Jewelry or machine? Honestly, a wrist watch is really a bit of jewelry which happens to tell time. This can be a method of getting men who do not like wearing "jewelry" to really wear jewelry not understanding it. The type of watch worn needs to match the image the man wants to project,: a watch for that executive, a Swatch for that artist, a Nike for that athlete. Since many men have active lifestyles, you will find different watches designed for different activities.

2. Rings

The next most typical piece of jewelry men wear is really a ring. It is because in only about every culture, rings are worn to represent marriage between two people. Rings have been in existence for ages. Unlike watches, they don't serve an objective, but when worn around the left ring finger, they are doing send out an indication in regards to a man's marital status. Wedding rings was once made from just gold or platinum. Actually, it had not been until recently that wedding band designers began to test out the thought of using alternative metals. One of the first alternative metals was titanium. The metal was worth its lightweight, white color and strength. It is used for a number of other kinds of jewelry, not only rings. Only under 5 years ago, tungsten carbide - a relatively unknown metal to the general public - suddenly exploded in popularity. It now comprises 20% of men's wedding ring sales in The united states. Men's tungsten wedding bands are valued for their extreme hardness. They're four times harder than titanium and also have a hefty weight that men like. Tungsten is really hard that only a diamond or sapphire can scratch it. Tungsten is also very economical. If you wish to stick to a precious metal ring, but don't wish to pay through your nose for a gold or platinum ring, palladium may be the way to go. Palladium rings look and act just like platinum because these two metals are from exactly the same family of metals, the Platinum Group Metals. Palladium, however, is about 70% less expensive than platinum rings. Many jewelers only deal with several select metals. Larson Jewelers sells wedding bands made from both gold and silver and alternative metals.

[http://www.lagbook.com/blogs/item/different-types-of-jewelry-for-men urban bracelets for men]

3. Earring(s)

Traditionally for ladies, the earring has become accepted by society for males. Some men wear one earring plus some wear two. Men that have traditional jobs in an office setting in many cases are discouraged from wearing earrings or otherwise allowed to put them on by company policy. Although, less common as a man's gift, earrings are not going anywhere soon as men's jewelry.

4. Bracelets

Although less popular than watches, bracelets are a piece of jewelry lots of men wear. Men's bracelets was once made from heavier and more expensive metals such as gold, but alternative metals are becoming increasingly popular. All of the materials employed for bracelets tend to be more varied than for rings or watches, and several of them are not even metals. You will find bracelets made of wooden beads, carbon fiber, and ceramics, as well as stainless and titanium. Frequently, they incorporate several of the above mentioned materials.

5. Necklaces

Necklaces were worn by more men previously than today. Men that wear necklaces often wear only one. In the past there was a higher tendency to put on multiple necklaces. Multiple necklaces may very well be tacky or "slimy" today, and therefore lots of men today avoid wearing multiple necklaces.

6. Pendants

Guys have mostly switched from wearing necklaces to wearing pendants. Pendants may be used to show your religious faith or simply to convey oneself. The most typical pendant to put on may be the cross, in countless variations, and much like bracelets, pendants that have been mostly made from gold previously are now being produced in a myriad of metallic and non-metallic materials. Some men wear pendants in conjunction with necklaces, while others decide to wear their pendants around their neck with a modest black leather cord.

7. Cuff Links

Commonly referred to as men's accessories, cuff links are in fact jewelry that men wear without thinking they're there just keep shirt cuffs buttoned, right? Cufflinks are generally worn in an office setting where more professional dress is required. They make great Father's Day gifts or birthday gifts. They are usually made of stainless or perhaps in some cases titanium. Gold is used, but is less frequent.

8. Money Clip

Men who like to show they've higher status, or at best the look of high status, often use money clips. With charge cards beings so ubiquitous, many men do not have cash in their pockets, which defeats the purpose of a money clip. The clip part of the money clip is usually made from stainless steel and if there's a decorative element around the clip it may be made of silver, gold as well as other kind of material. Money clips are often given on the same occasions as cuff links.

9. Fountain Pens

Designer fountain pens can cost between several $ 100 to thousands of dollars, and are usually gifts that companies share with their male and female executives. They are able to be also provided to friends or spouses. In the current hi-tech world, writing with pens is less frequent - even signatures could be electronic now. The fountain pen is becoming much more of a bit of jewelry than the usual functional item.

10. Key Chains

Key rings really are a jewelry item used to perform a function more than jewelry. Because of this, few key chains are made of expensive metals. Most are made from stainless steel, leather or titanium. This can be a gift that's popular for Father's Day or birthdays, particularly from the son or daughter.