Human abdomen is always divided in four parts, these parts include, upper right, upper left, lower right, and lower left. [http://leftsidepain.org Left side pain] means, that pain can be either on upper side or lower side. In case you are facing left side pain inside your abdomen that approaches the reason is also various. Hold in mind that you'll find various diseases where you possibly can have pain in either quadrant of left side. So that you can diagnose the dilemma properly it is advisable to contact with your physician just before beginning treatment of one's pain. After are few well-known causes of these kinds of pain.

Bowel Obstruction:

Often left side pain caused as a result of bowel obstruction which can result in over a left side of one's intestine. The favorite symptoms of bowel obstruction are vomiting, loose stools, and no stools. In case you are getting left side pain inside your abdomen and facing exact same symptoms as we said above, you'll want to go to any nearby emergency center. It's incredibly dangerous in case you don't treat the bowel obstruction accordingly. Leaving this pain untreated can be more harmful than one think. This can leads you to the any permanent damage.

Viral Hepatitis:

Left side pain can also be additional harmful if this is caused as a result of viral hepatitis. As most of you knows that hepatitis is really damaging and life threatening disease, for that reason should you have left side pain you need to promptly contact to any qualified doctor. Few other favorite symptoms of viral hepatitis are yellowish skin and within the white part of eyes, dark yellowish urine, and nausea. Commonly left side pain in viral hepatitis just isn't as severe as in other diseases. Should you think you turn into the victim of this sort of pain please see the doctor quickly and also avoid any sort of physical contact with other loved ones and friends.

Kidney Stones:

Another reason of having left side pain is stones from the kidney. Whenever you have kidney stone pain on left side that ways you've stone inside the left kidney. Initially you will feel severe pain on your back. Within few hours that pain turns to the front abdomen and it increases by the passage of time. In case you believe that that is the primary lead to of your left side pain than you ought to see the specialist without having wasting significantly time. You will find a number of treatments out there for kidney stones.