Tropical Island of Koh Samui



Thailand has some truly beautiful islands that are ideal for a calming stress-free holiday of a lifetime. The largest island is Phuket, known as the emerald within the isle it may cater to all kinds of tourists with secluded long stretches of beach and busy tourist areas. Koh Chang is the second largest, a popular with Thai people and still relatively undeveloped.

The third largest island is Koh Samui, the area of pristine white sand beaches, coconut trees, bikini-clad tourists, and jet skis. There are still spots where tranquility can be found and, while most of the accommodation is in the mid to high range, there's also still some cheap wooden bungalows within the quieter areas. Using its own airport terminal engineered to be along with the natural surroundings you can reach Samui in under an hour if you fly from Bangkok, additionally, there are other routes available including Singapore and Phuket.

There are no complaints in the visitors of Samui because it has plenty to offer including beach activities and water sports to a fun time at night and trendy bars and clubs. Probably the most visited areas are Chaweng, Lamai, Bophut and Maenam having a great selection of facilities and accommodation so you're guaranteed to find something whatever the state of the finances.

As a result of big expat community and thousands of tourists arriving here each week all corners of the world the options in types of cuisine are extensive and your palate is going to be tempted by Italian, Swedish and Vietnamese to French and English.

If you're up for any little bit of pampering then Samui is really a destination where one can give yourself a break every day to a haircut or manicure, a spa or massage. The remedies are affordable and plentiful, consider using a traditional Thai massage and treatment or oil and warm stone massage, detox treatments and colonic irrigation are for sale to those wanting an in-depth cleanse whilst meditation and relaxing techniques, Yoga, Reiki, and Tai Chi are great when experienced outside within the warm tropical sunshine.

[http://www.kaneva.com/blog/354811.blog samui villas]

Family activities can be enjoyed in the form of elephant trekking up the mountain, the weather is excellent for sailing or book a diving trip with PADI Diver Courses from complete beginner up to instructor level. Play on an international golf course or kayak in Ang Thong National Marine Park and discover the magical caves and bizarre rock formations between the dozens of deserted beaches whilst watching out for whales, dolphins and monkeys living here.

Take a look at Chaweng as it's the most popular area with 6km of sandy beach and sparkling blue waters. The area is packed with Koh Samui hotels and resorts, restaurants, spas, discotheques, bars and shopping opportunities. Lamai is another popular beach and swimming and water sports can be enjoyed here. At the southern end consider the famous Grandfather and Grandmother rock formations called Hin Ta - Hin Yai, you need to see them to realize why they appeal to so many people.

In the north is Maenam with soft sand and calm waters, perfect for families with young children as the water is shallow and it's much quieter, particularly during the night, than the busier areas. Catch a speedboat from the pier here to Koh Tao. Also in this area is Bophut the industry small fisherman village but still comes with an ample quantity of restaurants and shops, in addition to cafes and beachfront bars for experiencing the beautiful sunset and distant view of Koh Phangan on the horizon.

Big Buddha is another great place for swimming as its safe for kids and you get unbelievable views of the 12 meter high golden Big Buddha and Koh Phangan. Restaurants, bars and shopping are available here and also the accommodation ranges from basic beach huts to tropical resorts. Catch a ship to Koh Phangan and also the monthly Full Moon Party in the pier and party up until the morning.