Briana Bany was created on May 21, 1980 in Munich, Germany to some German father and an Italian-American mother. Her birth name is  Briana Bany. They gone to live in Britain when she was four years old, and to the Los Angeles suburb of Simi Valley in California, Usa when she was seven years old. Her father still lives in Germany. She moved from her mother's house when she was 16 years of age, taking her 14 year old sister together with her. She got custody of her sister when she turned 18. She modeled as a teenager, together with a cover of teenybopper magazine. She held many other jobs before entering the adult industry; making pizza, clerk in an arts and crafts store, file clerk, and secretary.
Career

[http://baby-community.com/wiki/index.php?title=User:SochaVanwormer527 check this link right here now]

In 1999, she responded to an ad within the newspaper to complete nude modeling for adult magazines. The photographer put her in a pornographic film. Her first film was University Co-eds 18, for Dane Productions, by which she performed opposite Brandon Iron. She entered the industry as "Mirage", but began calling herself "Briana Banks" in 2000, after you have the very first of two breast enlargement operations. Having had aspirations of being a supermodel, she chose the professional surname "Banks" after model Tyra Banks. She was Penthouse magazine's Pet of the Month in June 2001. The same year, she signed with Vivid Entertainment. Among her first movies with this studio is still one of her most popular even today, Briana Loves Jenna. Working for Vivid Entertainment Briana Banks appeared such films as Aftermath, Bankable and Briana Loves Rocco. She is probably the most popular porn stars now in the industry. Some sources say Briana Banks is the #3 most widely used porn star with Jenna Jameson first and Tera Patrick second but some don't include Jenna Jameson in the list because she has officially retired and sold off her brand to Playboy ... making Briana Banks #2. Some base the list of porn star popularity soley on the internet searches, and according to that alone, in January of 2007 Briana Banks and Tera Patrick are neck and neck. For many of 2007 and early into 2008 Briana is on which is known as reduced work schedule but that doesn't mean she's slacking by any means.  At the 2008 AVN Awards which was held on January 12, 2008 in Vegas Briana Banks was handed the award for the best actress inside a film for her work in the film Layout. In January of 2008 Briana Banks did an interview for online magazine which asserted she was moved to LA is has returned to work full time. "I missed everyone. I missed Vivid Entertainment. I'm so glad to be back with them. They're a great company. I've been together for such a long time, I can’t imagine being with other people." When asked where she'd been during the last 2 yrs she said "Pittsburgh. I am very happy to return in LA. I believe I desired to leave and clear my head and obtain everything back together. I actually missed porn. I didn’t realize how much I missed it until I returned."  Briana Banks was a contributing author in the 2004 book How To Possess a XXX Sex Life: The best Vivid Guide, in which she and other Vivid Entertainment contract stars give advice and tips about sex, as well as relate anecdotes using their personal sex lives. On October 13, 2006, Banks reportedly filed a federal lawsuit seeking a lot more than US$75,000 in damages against Doc Johnson Enterprises charging that they had created unauthorized products from molds of her genitals.