Backlink Checkers - How To Find Out The number of Sites Are Linking To You as well as your Competition

Generating traffic for your site is all about links. As you get more links pointing to your site, you're going to get a boost in traffic who read about you and also click through. You also start to rise in the various search engines for your keywords and obtain more free SEO traffic as well. Obviously that links are important for your internet business. You should keep close track of both your own as well as your competitions backlinks. When it comes to the best way to do this with backlink checkers.

How To Check Backlinks

My personal favorite way to check backlinks is via Yahoo's Site Explorer. Unlike Google, Yahoo does an excellent job at reporting most links that point into your site. Visit Yahoo.com and type "link:www.yourdomainname.com" into the search box (replacing it together with your actual domain name obviously).

This can mention the yahoo site explorer where you can take a look at how many pages yahoo has indexed for the site and you will also take a look at backlinks. You are able to filter the outcomes to show only pages that link to a specific page on your site and you will also filter out any internal linking (links that connect various pages on your own site).

[http://community.babycenter.com/journal/ianking124/5160028/learn_how_to_check_backlinks_for_your_site Sitexploration faster indexing]

Checking Your Own Backlinks

Begin by taking a look at your own backlinks. I like to take a look at links that point to my free home page, also to a few key pages on my small site that i'm looking to get to rank for any given keyword. As you get more links pointing to your site, your traffic and search engine rankings will go up. Your website will even gain more authority in the eyes from the big search engines, which will result in even better rankings and much more free SEO traffic.

Checking Your Competition's Backlinks

Now you understand how your personal site is doing, you're ready to check on the competition. Check out their sites and backlinks. There are several valuable things you can learn.

1) How Hard It will likely be To Compete?

These are the sites that you're rivaling to get a page one results listing on Google for the keywords. Take a look at the number of links they have built and just how much of an expert site they have become. This will provide you with a pretty good idea of how hard you'll have to work to beat them.

2) Where Can You Visit Obtain a Link?

The other thing I like to take a look at is where your competitor's links are coming from. After you have that information you can then venture out, approach those sites and get those links too.