The very best Drill Press For the Workshop



A drill press can drill holes onto an exact depth. This tool works together with pulleys and belts. A motor drives the pulley and belts to spin the quill and chuck. The chuck supports the bit. When the lever is pulled down, the part will drop onto the wood.

A drill press has two main types: the bench top and the floor model. It arrives with motors of ¼ to 1 horsepower having a 5 to 12 speed setting. Mortise-machine-like function is achieved when a spindle sander and pocket hole machine are attached.

Four of the best drill presses that had become the most popular of all time range from the:
1. Delta 14-651 Professional Bench Top Mortising Machine ($229-$249)
2. Craftsman Professional 17 in. Drill Press ($479)
3. Jet JBM-5 / 708580 Benchtop Mortiser ($249) and
4. the Cummins Industrial Tools 5 Speed - Bench Top Drill Press ($39.99-$59.99).

Delta 14-651 Professional Bench Mortising Machine
Delta 14-651 1/2-HP Bench Mortising Machine became probably the most honored brands in woodworking tools that offers more precision at ½ horsepower motor. It has a cast iron base (16-3/4-by-13-1/2-inch) along with a gas-filled head stabilizer.

[http://jocelynwilliams3.nearlyweds.com/sites/index/1973213 drill press review]

Other features include:

o Multi-position hand lever
o A rack-and-pinion system that raises and lowers the top.
o Head column that swings 180 degrees
o Single phase induction motor
o Easy open access to drill chuck
o Adjustable dovetail
o Magnetic starter
o Easy bit and chisel changing
o 3/8 inches capacity chuck and key
o Weight: 77 pounds
o Diameter: 3-3/4 in. (95 mm)
o 2-year warranty

The set includes 1/4, 3/8, 5/16 and 1/2-inch chisels and bit sets; along with a tool and chisel tray, a gas-filled head stabilizer and multi position feed lever.

Craftsman Professional 22901 Drill Press
The Craftsman Professional 22901 is really a 17-inch drill press that includes a single-arm quill handle. This enables easy presetting and repetitive drilling operation. It features a state-of-the-art column mounted on laser attachment that gives pinpoint accuracy.

Additional features include:

o Drill bit replacement.
o Battery powered
o 4-7/8 inches of quill stroke capacity power
o 16 spindle
o 3/4 hp 115/230-volt motor
o large surefire table for expandable work support
o column-mounted laser
o adjustable work lamp
o Push button industrial style switch
o Tool tray and extension table

Jet 708580 JBM-5 1/2 Horsepower Bench Mortiser

The Jet 708580 is an affordable benchtop mortiser that was designed to take up to ½ in. chisel bits. It runs with a ½ horsepower induction motor. This tool weighs 44 pounds, is easily maneuvered and reverses on its base, allowing an extended stock mortising. Bits are easily changeable by flipping the steel to spread out the door on each side. The Jet 708580 allows a carpenter to produce attractive tennon joints.

Product Details:

o Created using cast-iron and steel
o 4 3/4-inch head stroke, 1/2-inch chisel capacity
o Quick-setting depth stop
o Four predrilled mounting holes
o Removable safety toggle switch
o Long and multi-position splines
o Includes a mortiser, three bits, chuck key
o 2-year limited warranty

Cummins Industrial Tools 5 Speed - Bench Top Drill Press
The Cummins 5 Speed is important to possess in each and every workshop. It has 5 quick-change speed settings. The tool includes a long quill for mortising. Its drilling depth is adjustable, stopping the quill positively. Cummins bench top drill presses come with an adjustable table that tilts right and left, to have an angled drilling operation.

[http://alexmorris434.wikispaces.com/drill+press+review review drill press]

Technical Details:

o ½ in. drill chuck
o Press height: 22 ½ inches
o Quill travel - 50 millimeter
o Sturdy 11 in. x 7 in. base
o 1/2 Horsepower
o Power: 60 Hz ,120 V, 2.4 amperes
o Table size 6 3/8 in. x 6 3/8 in.
o No load speed 760-3070 rpm
o 3 prong plug
o UL listed

Other known brands of drill presses include the following:

o Wilton
o Fisch Precision Tools
o Tradesman
o Dremel
o Milwaukee
o Grizzly, etc

Featured over the top-selling modern drilling tools. Think about the versatiliy of the tool you are planning to buy.