PS3 Blu-Ray Problems - How you can Fix Them



One of the most complicated parts on the PS3 is the Blu-ray player. Partly, the reason being it is a sophisticated piece of technology, that allows you to make use of the console to experience the very best in PS3 games and to watch movies too all in amazing high definition quality. However, like many pieces of sophisticated technology, the Blu-ray player is somewhat fragile and it is vulnerable to develop problems. Many of the true if you are an avid gamer and employ your PS3 a great deal.

So, what are some of the common reasons for PS3 Blu-ray problems and how can you fix them? One of the most frequent issue that arises may be the PS3 Blu-ray player gets from alignment. This can happen if the unit is accidentally dropped, as well as during particularly intense action. You are able to sometimes actually hear the disc making an odd noise when spinning whether it continues to be bumped out of alignment. However, do not despair if this happens. A great PS3 repair guide can instruct you on how you can check and ensure the PS3 Blu-ray player is aligned properly, or re-align it if required.

[http://books.cfylive.com/index.php?title=User:BecnelMelendez507 Playstation 3 Blu Ray Repair]

Another very common cause of PS3 Blu-ray problems is dust or dirt develop. This is particularly a problem if there is dirt around the lens, therefore, you will have to clean the Blu-ray lens. It is quite easy to clean the lens yourself with the right tools and instructions. However, if you do not know what you are doing you can easily damage the unit. To start, you should acquire some Blu-Ray lens cleaner, which often will come with detailed instructions for use. However, to wash the Blu-ray lens in the PS3 additionally, you will need to open the unit and know how to remove and reinstall the ball player. To assist with this particular process, a PS3 home repair manual can be really useful.

Finally, another PS3 Blu-ray problem you might encounter is by using the laser itself. In such cases, you may need to actually replace the laser. This can be a fairly rare problem, and if your PS3 continues to be under warranty you can send it to Sony to be repaired. However, if it is not under warranty anymore, and you do not have the $150 to repair the unit, is also easy to purchase the parts (around $30) making the repairs yourself.