PS3 Blu-Ray Repair - How to Fix Your PS3 Blu-Ray Lens Today



Is your PS3's Blu-Ray drive no longer working? Are you struggling with your PS3 not reading disks and want to learn to repair it? In the following paragraphs you will learn to fix your PS3 Blu-Ray laser lens, which is the most common problem with PS3 disc drives. Keep reading to learn step-by-step the fundamentals of PS3 Blu-Ray repair.

In order to fix your PS3 Blu-Ray laser lens you'll need the following tools and items:

• Cross-headed "mini" screwdriver set (pop the very best cover off your PS3 and see for those who have any screwdrivers what are right size. Otherwise, these screwdriver sets are not very expensive)
• An upgraded Blu-Ray lens - these may be salvaged using their company PS3 Blu-Ray drives, or you can purchase online (from eBay) the part number #kem-400aaa

[http://ps3slimlaser.com/ KES-450A Laser Replacement]

Here is the step-by-step method of PS3 Blu-Ray repair"

1. Go ahead and take top cover from the casing off from your PS3, combined with the power cord for that Blu-Ray drive itself (this will possess a rectangular, opaque/white plastic end which matches in to the drive)

2. Remove the Blu-Ray drive from the position and thoroughly unclip the silver data ribbon from the drive. It has a blue colored ending that will help you locate it

3. Take away the two silver screws from right-hand side from the drive casing, and so the three black screws around the left-hand side from the drive. Make sure that you don't lose these screws in the process!

4. Gently remove the metal casing from the Blu-Ray drive, exposing the secondary lens casing underneath it.

5. Take away the screws around the black colored plate which covers the lens itself. Lift this plate off too.

6. Unscrew and put to 1 side the Blu-Ray lens screws (these is going to be fairly easy to see), then remove the actual lens unit itself.

7. Put your new lens in carefully, trying not to fumble by using it an excessive amount of to prevent damage, and then make sure it is seated correctly, then put everything together again again.