PS3 Blu-Ray Repair - How you can Fix Your PS3 Blu-Ray Lens Today



Is the PS3's Blu-Ray drive no longer working? Are you currently having difficulties with your PS3 not reading disks and wish to learn to fix it? In the following paragraphs you are going to learn to fix your PS3 Blu-Ray laser lens, the most common problem with PS3 disc drives. Continue reading to understand step-by-step the fundamentals of PS3 Blu-Ray repair.

To be able to fix your PS3 Blu-Ray laser lens you will need the following tools and items:

• Cross-headed "mini" screwdriver set (pop the top cover off your PS3 and see if you have any screwdrivers which are the right size. Otherwise, these screwdriver sets aren't very costly)
• An upgraded Blu-Ray lens - these can be salvaged from other PS3 Blu-Ray drives, or purchase online (from eBay) the part number #kem-400aaa

[http://ps3bluraydrives.com/ PS3 Blu Ray Repair]|[http://kes400a.net/ KES-400A Laser]|[http://ps3bluray.co/ Lasers for PS3]|[http://laserforps3.com/ KES-450A Laser Replacement]|[http://ps3slimlaser.com/ KES-450A Laser Replacement]|[http://ps3notreadingdiscs.co/ PS3 Blu Ray Problems]

This is actually the step-by-step approach to PS3 Blu-Ray repair"

1. Go ahead and take top cover of the casing removed from your PS3, along with the cord for the Blu-Ray drive itself (this will possess a rectangular, opaque/white plastic end which goes into the drive)

2. Take away the Blu-Ray drive from its position and thoroughly unclip the silver data ribbon in the drive. It features a blue colored ending to help you locate it

3. Remove the two silver screws from right-hand side of the drive casing, and so the three black screws around the left-hand side of the drive. Ensure that you do not lose any of these screws along the way!

4. Gently take away the metal casing from the Blu-Ray drive, exposing the secondary lens casing underneath it.

5. Remove the screws around the black colored plate which covers the lens itself. Lift this plate off too.

6. Unscrew and set to one side the Blu-Ray lens screws (these will be fairly easy to see), then take away the actual lens unit itself.

7. Put your new lens in carefully, trying not to fumble by using it too much to avoid damage, and then ensure it is seated correctly, then put everything back together again.