The stomach flu, as well identified as gastroenteritis, is often a viral infection that attacks the stomach and small intestine. Usually short in nature, it generally lasts one to three days. The stomach flu is NOT the similar flu for which we receive vaccines both winter. Those flu vaccines are for influenza, which isn't the similar as the stomach flu that is a mild virus that affects your intestines. [http://www.yelp.ca/biz/gandham-s-md-richmond Gandham Satnam Singh]

Gastroenteritis or the stomach flu outcomes once we swallow one of these viruses. Transmission of the virus is actually really painless because the physique fluids of those infected include the virus, usually even ahead of their symptoms begin.

Then the virus is spread by way of get in touch with with an infected person, for instance via shaking hands or kissing example, or by sharing food, or drinks, or eating utensils. Pretty straightforward to transmit the virus from 1 person to an additional if you ever believe about the loads of opportunities we have every day for transmission. [http://www.saskvalleynews.com/2010/05/newphysicianjoins/ Dr Satnam Singh Gandham]

Once you might have been in direct get in touch with using the virus, it travels towards the stomach and intestine after which settles in to trigger an inflammation of the lining of these organs. So once that happens3, the stomach and intestine lose their ability to function correctly.

They cannot keep up with their usual activities.  Because of this concern, the virus can trigger food to move additional quickly by means of the gastrointestinal (GI) tract causing diarrhea.

Signs and symptoms of the flu could make over a period of hours, or it may possibly suddenly get started with stomach cramps, vomiting, or diarrhea. You might at the same time see signs and symptoms such as nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, stomach cramps, loss of appetite, muscle aches, low grade fever and chills.

If you've got diarrhea, you ought to not simply assume that you simply have the stomach flu considering there are other factors for diarrhea which includes other medications, bacteria or parasites. If you might have unusually significant symptoms or if they last longer than a number of days then you should see your healthcare enterprise in an effort to decide the exact trigger of the diarrhea. [http://www.flickr.com/photos/satnamsinghgandham/ Gandham Satnam Singh]

Stomach flu can come on instead very easily and can have significant side effects specifically in infants, kids and the elderly. Monitor your symptoms carefully and be sure to seek medical attention if you happen to need to do so.