Penile enhancement - The Facts, the Fibs, and What Works



Penile enhancement is big business - and why not? Much of a man's self-identity is related to how he performs during sex. If a man feels inadequate because of his size or performance, his self-esteem often suffers greatly as a result. And unfortunately, many men are prepared to shell out for something that might make them look better and feel happier about themselves.

Companies have capitalized about this, propagating all sorts of products, rumors and theories on how to appear thicker, longer and harder. Countless in-boxes are flooded daily with promises of an enhanced sex life by using some penile enhancement product. But do these items go a long way? Will any of them provide the results they promise?

[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPtzTqiNGTo best top male enhancement]

The reality

There are three commonly advertised methods for male enhancement: supplements, surgery, and natural techniques. The truth is while several methods have proven to possess some success, most are simply a waste of time and cash - and some can in fact cause long-term damage.

Although men find the topic of the flagging performance embarrassing, the most effective reaction you can have is speak to your doctor. It's unwise and dangerous to try untested methods randomly. More to the point, if your concerns persist, your symptoms may point to a more serious health condition. By speaking with your doctor, he might have the ability to prescribe something that will actually work - and that he could give you a much better perspective in your sexual performance.

The Fibs

Pill popping is extremely popular in our modern culture, and you've likely seen a "magic" pill advertised in some men's health magazine promising enhanced size or performance. Unfortunately, just about any doctor will explain that male enlargement pills are simply a gimmick.

Although it could be wonderful if you could add inches by popping a pill, herbal or mineral supplement, it's just not true. In fact, some penile enhancement pills that are advertised are downright dangerous - that is reason enough to stay away from them altogether.

However, if you're concerned not about size, but they are facing performance issues, there are pills that may remedy this. Once more though, this is something important to discuss with a doctor who are able to provide the best answer for your particular condition.

[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyCsOwp5sK0 buy the best male enhancement]

What Really Works? - The ultimate Techniques

Some men are prepared to go to extreme lengths for an added inch or two. Phalloplasty is really a surgical technique which involves cutting ligaments within the penis to include length. Though this technique purports to equal to three inches in length, it's highly controversial and many doctors feel that the risks involved far outweigh any beneficial outcome. Actually, research completed in 2006 showed that only 35% of men were satisfied with the outcomes.

What Really Works? - Naturally

Surprisingly, many men have actually found success by performing a daily exercise routine. Kegels, for instance, have proven to strengthen a man's erection and control orgasms, providing all the benefits of male enhancement without added size. By sustaining a harder erection and controlling orgasm, a guy lasts as long as necessary to satisfy his partner.

Ultimately...

There are myriad scams out there which will victimize male insecurity. The truth is though, over 85% of women are perfectly pleased with their man's performance. However, if you are truly interested in male enhancement, it may be best to prevent the creams, pills, and gels, and instead talk to your doctor first.