==ATT Systems zeroes in on regional expansion==
For the normal gentleman, a queue procedure is simply this - press a button, obtain a queue ticket, and wait for your flip. But there may be much more to some queue method than meets the eye. With some ground breaking considering, ATT Systems engineered an intelligent and much more efficient queue technique; one which tracks the true secret efficiency indicators of customer care officers by capturing related data as they work.

'At anyone time, we can observe what a customer care officer is performing at his counter, with regards to how efficient he is in managing calls or prospects,' claims ATT Systems' chief government Kenny Teo.

Employers, in turn, have the ability to obtain knowledge inside the spot of customer service and make improvements to current company requirements. The intelligent queue technique is one particular of multiple IT alternatives developed by ATT Systems.

Other individuals include things like utilizing quick message services (SMS) to remind clients of their appointments and facilitating real-time on-line visibility of real crowd dimension at an event.

The technological know-how company, a first time winner in the Enterprise fifty Awards very last yr, specialises in planning and creating digital units and sub-systems to the health care, aviation, and targeted traffic administration sectors.

It caters to shoppers with the private and community sectors, which includes government bodies just like the Land Transportation Authority, SingHealth polyclinics, and also the Central Provident Board, and firms like Changi Airport Group and CapitaLand.

ATT Techniques has ideas to grow aggressively inside the next three to five many years, that can comprise an first community presenting, claims Mr Teo, who is an electronic and electrical engineer by coaching and includes a diploma in science and management.

Check out the ATT Systems news release here.

Related: ATT Systems Singapore Pte Ltd | Tan Ann Jee | Kenny Teo Chin Tiong

Contributed by Boteas WEL. Wong

Written by Quebec . TL. Jansen Loh go through to achieve expertise about it  [http://www.singaporemarketing.info/2012/05/att-systems-singapore-we-dare-to-make-a-difference/  Att Systems]