The "Fun" Way to Learn Direct Response Marketing

Funny stuff... funny stuff...

Yesterday, we were out at our local brew-pub getting our burger and beer fix. When out of the blue my wife started to laugh. I thought she was laughing at me.

Did I have something wedged in my teeth?

Was a fry stuck to my cheek?

Works out neither.

And when I asked my wife why she was chuckling, she told me she felt embarrassed saying.

Embarrassed?

I said:

"Honey, we can discuss anything. You are able to feel comfortable saying what's on your mind. And that i promise not to judge you..."

So she caved, and told me she was excited American Idol was starting a new season.

American Idol?

I had no clue this Television show was ramping back up.

So...

We finished our burgers and beer. We paid our waiter. And my wife drug me the place to find catch the very first episode. Good thing too... because this show is bursting like a water balloon with tons of direct response marketing tips.

Like:

The strength of celebrity marketing:

Just look at the judges on The american idol show. Let's wait and watch. You got Steven Tyler that has been the front man for one of the very successful hard rock bands of all time. Then, you have Jennifer Lopez who needs no explanation. And lastly, you got Randy Jackson that has worked within the music biz since the dawn of the dinosaurs.

My point?

That Idol certainly uses lots of celebrities to advertise the show.

The power of contest marketing:

Contests are among the fastest (and most fun) methods to grow a small business. Just take a look at Idol. Sure, the ultimate goal would be to win and become a famous recording artist. But what really gets contestants going is the whole idea that they are competing against everyone else.

[http://www.nexopia.com/users/andrewsanchez33/blog/1-using-direct-response-marketing-inside-your-online-business Direct response marketing company]

And nobody loves to lose.

So how do you need a tournament to market your online business?

And the power of referral marketing:

Truth be told, one thing I did to build my small company therefore it dominated a really competitive niche is... I made use of multiple strategies that drove referrals through my doors all month long

The american idol show performs this too.

Just take a look at how many people waiting in line brought someone with them... who would like to check out too. In some cases, they can brought members of the family.

Discuss the strength of referral marketing.

There's a lot more marketing tips cleverly stuffed into each American Idol episode, you just have to know what to look for.

And one very last thing:

If you are serious about growing your business, then more than likely all you need is a few more plans like the one in this article.

So ask yourself this:

Where are you able to turn for additional plans like that which you just read in the following paragraphs?

During my humble opinion, you have to be careful in which you search for good ideas because almost everyone and their brother claims to be a so-called 'business expert'.

Remember:

Saying is one thing.

Doing is another.

And many of these "talking heads" have never run their own successful small business.