= Overview =

This page describes how to use [https://www.ej-technologies.com/products/jprofiler/overview.html JProfiler Java Profiler] on PKI server.

= Installing JProfiler =

[https://www.ej-technologies.com/download/jprofiler/files Download] JProfiler:

<pre>
$ wget https://download-gcdn.ej-technologies.com/jprofiler/jprofiler_linux_11_1_2.rpm
$ dnf install ./jprofiler_linux_11_1_2.rpm
</pre>

JProfiler will be installed in /opt/jprofiler11 folder.

Alternatively:

<pre>
$ wget https://download-gcdn.ej-technologies.com/jprofiler/jprofiler_linux_11_1_2.sh
$ sh jprofiler_linux_11_1_2.sh
</pre>

JProfiler will be installed in ~/jprofiler11 folder.

= Running JProfiler =

To run JProfiler:

<pre>
$ /opt/jprofiler11/bin/jprofiler
</pre>

= Enabling JProfiler Agent =

Select a port for JProfiler agent (e.g. 8849). If [[SELinux]] is enabled, enable the SELinux port:

<pre>
$ semanage port -a -t http_port_t -p tcp 8849
</pre>

In PKI 10.9 or later, to run the server with JProfiler agent:

<pre>
$ pki-server run --agentpath /opt/jprofiler11/bin/linux-x64/libjprofilerti.so=port=8849
JProfiler> Listening on port: 8849.
JProfiler> Enabling native methods instrumentation.
JProfiler> Can retransform classes.
JProfiler> Can retransform any class.
JProfiler> Native library initialized
JProfiler> VM initialized
JProfiler> Waiting for a connection from the JProfiler GUI ...
</pre>

It will run the server in foreground.

Alternatively, edit /etc/sysconfig/pki-tomcat and define the JProfiler agent as follows:

<pre>
JAVA_OPTS="-agentpath:/opt/jprofiler11/bin/linux-x64/libjprofilerti.so=port=8849,nowait"
</pre>

Then restart the systemd service. If the service fails to start, check the systemd journal for errors.

= Connecting to PKI Server =

Once the server is started, in JProfiler open '''Start Center''' -> '''Quick Attach''', select '''On another computer'''.
Select '''Direct connection to''', then enter the hostname and JProfiler port.

= See Also =

* [[Java]]
* [https://www.ej-technologies.com/buy/jprofiler/openSource JProfiler: Open Source Licenses]
* [https://www.ej-technologies.com/resources/jprofiler/v/11.1/help/doc/main/profiling.html JProfiler: Profiling A JVM]
* [https://www.ej-technologies.com/resources/jprofiler/v/11.1/help/doc/advancedConfig/troubleShooting.html JProfiler: Trouble Shooting Connection Problems]
* [https://docs.oracle.com/javase/1.5.0/docs/guide/jvmti/jvmti.html JVM Tool Interface]
* [[VisualVM]]