Ray J is especially lucky to be born to some musician's family through the name Willie Norwood. Willie, a family member of Bo Diddley, is really a gospel singer who often exposed his children towards the art of showbiz, including supporting Ray's older sister Brandy who launched a singing career in the age of mere 2. When William Ray Norwood was born on January 17, 1981, his sister continues to be cultivated to become a performer. Thus when the family that includes mom Sonja Bates-Norwood, moved from Ray's birth town in McComb, M.S. to Carson, California 2 yrs later, it had been considered a wide open opportunity for the kids to spread their wings even wider. Ray only started his career in the age of 8, as he auditioned for several commercials. Acting soon became his main interest and that he got the chance to achieve this as he was cast as comedian Sinbad's son in the Television show. Even though show was eventually canceled in 1996, Ray kept his spirit high by branching to music after inspired by his sister's early success. He recorded several demo tapes that finally landed on the executives' hands of Elektra Records. He was immediately signed in 1995. ... 


Two years later, Ray was added to Brandy's TV show "Moesha" that garnered success since its launch in 1996 as Dorian Long, a mans main character's out-of-wedlock child. Unfortunately the show, too, received a decline in ratings since the fifth season and was eventually canceled red carpet seasons. Worse, his debut album "Everything You Want" which was released in 1997 did not prosper available on the market that he was dropped in that same year. Sticking it out when the going gets tough, in the many years ahead he made guest appearances on several TV series before eventually getting his big break in 2001. He recorded a protective cover of "Another Day in Paradise" with Brandy which eventually sold moderately well in European countries. This proved to be a lift for Ray's credibility when ever his sophomore effort "This Ain't a Game" was launched in June 2001, it peaked at #21 on Billboard Hot 200, fronted by the single "Wait a Minute" featuring Lil' Kim.

[http://www.rayj-sextape.com/ray-j-sex-tape-uncut/ on front page]

Beside promoting his album, Ray also continued his stints in TV series plus nabbing a main role in an indie movie titled "Envy" in 2005. The 3rd album ended up being prepared with the help of Rodney Jerkins, Timbaland and R. Kelly. The third set, aptly called "Raydiation" was dropped in shops on September 27, 2005 and quickly took #48 post on the Top 200 albums chart, selling 18,321 copies within the first week. As his career in music became popular, his acting gigs did too. Although uncredited he starred like a DJ in the sequel to "Save the final Dance" which was released in 2006 and also in crime drama "A Day within the Life" alongside Omar Epps in 2007. However his name was suddenly a media attention much more 2007, a tape of him making love with socialite Kim Kardashian leaked on-line. Kardashian accused him of deliberately putting the tape on the web to enhance his career but Ray denied this, reasoning that he tapped the intercourse to look at himself perform and take initiatives from this. Post the incident, Ray was quick to prep for that discharge of his fourth album which may later on be named "All I Feel".