Karissa Shannon and her identical twin sister, Kristina would be the new girlfriends of Hugh Hefner, THE playboy of Playboy! Cute, blonde and sassy as hell, both of these girls have tempers flaring and hormones racing all over the U.S. With a, they are the girl’s who "ruined” highly rated hit on E!, The Girl’s Nearby. To others those are the ultimate Men’s Fantasy, potential seen NUDE as Playmate's inside a 2009 issue of Playboy.

Watching their transformation into Playboy style Blonde Bombshell’s is a ride ride. The twins were born 19 years ago. According to their father, Patrick Shannon, the girls’ mother passed away and that he raised them alone. They came to California from Clearwater, Florida. Seems like they also spent at least a part of their childhood in Hartfield, Michigan. There’s not much information available regarding their childhood, but surely as their popularity grows, so will the abundance of information.

The twins worked at Winghouse in Florida and even appeared in the restaurants 2009 and 2008 popular calendars. But Hollywood was calling. After posing for famed Playboy photographer Jarmo Pohjaniemi, they were inspired to arrived at California. In October of 2008 they moved into the Playboy Mansion. What happened next depends upon who you ask! The "official” story is the fact that shortly after Hugh Hefner’s longtime girlfriend, Holly Madison ended their relationship, she threw a celebration honoring the girls. It was at that party that the girls told Hef they'd love to be his new girlfriends. Shortly after that, Holly Madison went public with the breakup. While claiming heartbreak the next day, Hef proudly presented his two new girls towards the media and two days later, the media storm started using the two beautiful twins right in the middle from it.

[http://www.karissashannonsextapes.net/ try this website]

Within 24 hours, an arrest record and full report was all around the "infotainment” news. Based on the report, last January, the girls had physically assaulted a girl they knew from work after a verbal encounter. They were both faced with felony aggravated assault. These were released on $10,000 bond, ordered to pay restitution and therefore are both still on probation. But that is not every! The most popular twin, Karissa had been arrested in November 2007 for a misdemeanor assault! Obviously the media was all over the arrest reports. Very quickly the MySpace pages of Patrick Shannon, went private. Only the day before it had proudly proclaimed "Holly finally told the planet, NOW the truth will come out!” The twins ever-present aunts changed their pages to personal as well. Eventually, the pressure got to the girls plus they switched theirs to personal, too. But which was temporary! These girl's Love the spotlight! Says one quote using their MySpace "Hollywood Here We Come!”

Will the twins survive unhealthy press they’re getting? Do they really live with being the target of furious fans around the world? To determine just how serious the distaste for that girls is continuing to grow, one can simply browse the discussion boards on E! Online. There is a section for the fans of The Girl’s Nearby, and people fans aren't happy. Actually they're raging. At one point it got so bad that Kevin Burns, Executive Producer of TGND and close friend of Hef’s wrote a few messages trying to get the fans to calm down. It didn't work! The moderators from the boards wound up making a rule that anyone who desired to "bash” the twins needed to visit the "Critics of The Girl’s Next Door” board that were designed a few years ago. Even with the threat of being banned, members manage to sneak in jabs in virtually every message. In their minds, no one will replace Holly, Kendra and Bridget.

So what's next? The twins have already appeared in several instances of TGND and they're filming more. A minumum of one upcoming episode shows a new version from the sleepover episode that the original GND did in Season Two called Sleepwear Optional. It's so similar that the girls, and at least three of the guests are even wearing the same pajamas from the Season Two episode! As well as the show, the twin’s Playboy pictorial is expected in early Summer. And being Hef’s girlfriends calls for lots of public appearances, parties and fun! Together with his other new girlfriend the girls will be very busy! So, love ’em or hate ’em, they’re here,plus they do kinda grow you! We might not be able to enable you to get in to the next Playboy party, but we will help you stay informed of what they're up to the best we can. You can add any info towards the blog and contact us anytime!