10 Kinds of Jewelry For males



Whenever we think about jewelry, we automatically think of jewelry for women. Nowadays it's becoming more and more common and fashionable for men to put on jewelry. Although much of men's jewelry serves a purpose, there are lots of items which don't have any other purpose rather than complement a man's natural visual appearance. Continue reading to discover some obvious (plus some not too obvious) jewelry selections for men.

Create a Statement with Men's Jewelry

1. Watches

Timepieces have been in existence for a few centuries and serve a good purpose. Jewelry or machine? Honestly, a wrist watch can be a bit of jewelry that also transpires with tell time. This can be a method of getting men that do not like wearing "jewelry" to really wear jewelry without knowing it. The type of watch worn needs to match the look the person wants to project,: a wrist watch for the executive, a Swatch for the artist, a Nike for that athlete. Because so many men have active lifestyles, there are different watches designed for different activities.

2. Rings

The next most common piece of jewelry men wear is really a ring. It is because in just about every culture, rings are worn to symbolize marriage between a couple. Rings have been in existence for a long time. Unlike watches, they do not serve a purpose, but when worn around the left ring finger, they are doing send a signal about a man's marital status. Engagement rings used to be made from just gold or platinum. In fact, it had not been until recently that wedding band designers started to test out the thought of using alternative metals. One of the first alternative metals was titanium. The metal was valued for its lightweight, white color and strength. It's used for a number of other kinds of jewelry, not just rings. Only under Five years ago, tungsten carbide - a comparatively unknown metal towards the public - suddenly exploded in popularity. It now comprises 20% of all men's wedding band sales in The united states. Men's tungsten wedding bands are worth their extreme hardness. They're 4 times harder than titanium and also have a hefty weight that men like. Tungsten is so hard that merely a diamond or sapphire can scratch it. Tungsten can also be very economical. If you wish to stick to a rare metal ring, but don't wish to pay through your nose for any gold or platinum ring, palladium could be the way to go. Palladium rings look and act just like platinum because these two metals are from exactly the same family of metals, the Platinum Group Metals. Palladium, however, is all about 70% less expensive than platinum rings. Many jewelers only deal with several select metals. Larson Jewelers sells wedding bands made from both gold and silver and alternative metals.

3. Earring(s)

Traditionally for women, the earring is now accepted by society for men. Some men wear one earring plus some wear two. Men that have traditional jobs within an office setting are often discouraged from wearing earrings or otherwise allowed to put them on by company policy. Although, less common as a man's gift, earrings are not going anywhere soon as men's jewelry.

4. Bracelets

Although less popular than watches, bracelets really are a bit of jewelry lots of men wear. Men's bracelets was once made from heavier and more expensive metals such as gold, but alternative metals are becoming ever more popular. All of the materials employed for bracelets are more varied than for rings or watches, and several seem to be not even metals. There are bracelets made from wooden beads, carbon fiber, and ceramics, in addition to stainless and titanium. Frequently, they incorporate more than one of the aforementioned mentioned materials.

[http://josemorris543.jigsy.com/entries/general/Different-Types-of-Jewelry-for-Men luxury diamond jewelry]

5. Necklaces

Necklaces were worn by more men previously than today. Men that wear necklaces tend to wear just one. Previously there was a greater tendency to put on multiple necklaces. Multiple necklaces may very well be tacky or "slimy" today, and as such many men today avoid wearing multiple necklaces.

6. Pendants

Men have mostly switched from wearing necklaces to wearing pendants. Pendants may be used to show a man's religious faith or just to convey oneself. The most common pendant to wear is the cross, in countless variations, and much like bracelets, pendants which were mostly made from gold previously are now being made in all kinds of metallic and non-metallic materials. Some men wear pendants along with necklaces, while others decide to wear their pendants around their neck having a modest black leather cord.

7. Cuff Links

Commonly referred to as men's accessories, cuff links are actually jewelry that men wear without thinking they're there just keep shirt cuffs buttoned, right? Cufflinks are most often worn within an office setting where more professional dress is needed. They create great Father's Day gifts or birthday gifts. They are usually made of stainless steel or perhaps in certain cases titanium. Gold can be used, but is less frequent.

8. Money Clip

Men that prefer to show they've higher status, or at best the appearance of high status, tend to use money clips. With credit cards beings so ubiquitous, lots of men do not have cash in their pockets, which defeats the objective of a money clip. The clip area of the money clip is typically made of stainless and when there's a decorative element on the clip it may be made from silver, gold as well as other kind of material. Money clips are often given on a single occasions as cuff links.

9. Fountain Pens

Designer fountain pens may cost anywhere from several hundred dollars to tens of thousands of dollars, and are usually gifts that companies share with their men and women executives. They are able to be also given to friends or spouses. In the current high tech world, writing with pens is less common - even signatures could be electronic now. The fountain pen has become more of a piece of jewelry than a functional item.

10. Key Chains

Key chains really are a jewelry item accustomed to perform a function more than jewelry. Because of this, few key rings are made of expensive metals. Most are made from stainless, leather or titanium. This is a gift that is popular for Father's Day or birthdays, particularly from a child.