In 1994 musician Kurt Cobain of Nirvana died suddenly from an apparent self inflicted gun shot wound. His death was officially ruled a suicide nowadays. However, in the years that followed his death was questioned by media and fans alike. His controversial marriage to singer Courtney Love in 1992 fueled the gossip surrounding his death. Their drug use was public encounter and Cobain's use of heroin assisted the singers generating state of depression. After an attempted intervention by Love and a couple of fellow musicians, Cobain's behavior became erratic and unpredictable. [http://kurtcobainsnirvana.com/ kurt cobain]

On April 8th, 1994 Cobains physique was discovered in his household with a shotgun and suicide note local. Whether he was essentially suicidal has raised questions following his death. Many close towards the singer say that he was not suicidal and that any data to the contrary came directly from Love.

The controversy of Cobain's death started when it was reportedly classified as a suicide at the scene prior to any review by a qualified medical examiner. Further examination revealed that Cobain had died a couple of days ahead of his physique was identified. A week prior, Love had hired Los Angeles County detective Tom Grant to try and uncover her husband. Cobain had left a therapy facility unannounced and apparently had not been noticed simply because. Grant maintained that Love was getting much less than truthful with him regarding her husbands disappearance and said so in interviews and news reports.

When an examination was created of the evidence located near the victim, especially the shotgun, suicide note and also the pen use to write the note investigators had been faced with a puzzling question. Why were there no prints left on any of these goods if indeed the victim had utilized them prior to his death? [http://kurtcobainsnirvana.com/conspiracy.aspx Kurt Cobain Conspiracy]

In addition, in 1998 Mentors bandleader Eldon Hoke was chronicled with saying that he was conscious of a person having killed Cobain and that he actually had been accessible $50,0000 to kill Cobain by Courtney Love. Within days of Hoke's statement he was killed by a train, never having revealed the supposed killer. Holk's revelations relating to Cobain's death and then his own sudden demise elevated the mystery. To the public the case appeared to be one frought with cover up and 1 that demanded a reinvestigation. As to who could possibly have pulled the cause that ended the singers life, public opinion is divided. Many point towards Love despite the fact that others keep he died at his own hand.

Throughout his life Cobain was in and of himself an enigma. Talented still haunted by his own demons, demons mutiplied by drugs, Cobain was destined to die an untimely death. The mystery as to what truly happened to him is 1 that sells magizines, books, and films. Greatly missed and mourned by loads of fans, it truly is this that continues to breath life into the controversy of the death of Kurt Cobain.

On the 8th of April 1994 Kurt Cobain the lead singer of the band Nirvana was found dead in his home in Seattle, USA. Electrician Gary Smith located him with a shotgun wound towards the face and he had taken a huge overdose of heroin at about 9:00 am that morning. It was thought that Kurt had died around concerning the 4th or 5th of April. 
Suspicions very first arose wondering no matter whether Kurt basically did commit suicide as soon as Rosemary Carroll, a attorney and great friend of both Kurt and his wife, Courtney Love spoke out around how suspicions of Kurt's death getting a murder and that Kurt had when told her he wasn't suicidal. [http://kurtcobainsnirvana.com/gay.aspx Kurt Cobain Gay]

Tom Grant had searched Kurt's Seattle residence with his partner Carlson the day just before he was identified dead however he didn't check the room above the garage which Kurt called 'the greenhouse' which was exactly where Kurt was located dead. At this time Grant didn't even realize that this room existed. Grant at the same time discovered out that the family members's male nanny Michael 'Cali' Hewitt had stayed in the residence with Kurt that week and Hewitt even admitted to it. When Grant had searched the home he seen that Hewitt had left his TV on and his bed unmade practically as if he had left in a hurry. Hewitt had left the house that day without having Grant even seeing him.