Best Places to Reside in Singapore



If you are seeking a place to stay in Singapore by having an expat community, fundamental essentials areas which will appeal to you if you're employed in the primary Central Business District. All of the locations are within 17 min (or less!) drive to the Central Business District of Singapore.

East Coast - Live At Katong
Expats love the east because of its closeness to the beach, and also the entire feel of the place. It has a palm tree, sand and sea locality and its main highway may be the ECP. This enables a fast drive to work in the Central Business District along a scenic expressway that provides a look at the ocean and Singapore's city skyline.

You'll be interested in condos at Katong where the rental is anywhere from $4500 up.
There're international schools located within 20 min of this condos in this region too.

West- Live At West Coast
The Vision is among the newer condos to become completed est 2014. This area is 15min drive to the main CBD and 10min to Harbor front. You'll pass Harbor front before reaching the CBD.

When you live in the Vision, you could have an ocean view and the amenities of the city lifestyle. This area is served by 3 large parks. If you like sports, exercise, convenient grocery amenities, West Coast may be worth a look at.

[http://matthewking529.xanga.com/765746789/singapore-homes-and-condos-for-those/ Sea Esta]

North - Live At Bukit Timah
This is a very wealthy district and several expats love living here. Examples of new condos listed here are Cyan located at Keng Chin Road. Even though it isn't near to the sea, many good schools both local and international schools located within Fifteen minutes of properties found here.

Central - Live At Orchard or Newton Circus
Residing in one's heart of the city means staying close to shopping, Louis Vutton, Chanel, Dior. There're service apartments at Orchard, and older condos available for rent. Older units will tend to be more spacious, yet we can not expect the cost to be low because you are in one's heart from the city.

South - Live At Sentosa Cove or Marina
This place will probably be a great place to reside in when all amenities are fully operation by 2013. El born area is simply 15 min drive towards the Central Business District. Similar to the east, you may enjoy ocean side living and the best nightlife, dining, shopping, games, wakeboarding fun Singapore has to offer. Nearby is Sentosa where the casino and universal studios can be found.

The Marina Collection condos is a yacht, waterfront lifestyle living that you'll not find anywhere expect in the south. If you work throughout the weekdays and wish to unwind on your yacht, than the is where to be.