Myanmar and it is Emergence Onto the World Stage

I was extremely pleased to see this news article inferring that Myanmar is now prepared to join the earth's community of nations, which means Hopefully they are prepared to treat their nationals with respect and dignity. The Burmese take presctiption the entire a lovely gentle caring race of individuals, For anyone of Myanmar have for a lot to long relied on their community and spiritual way of life to make sure that they're equipped to visit past the woes brought upon them through the oppression that they have endured at the hands of their military. For that Burmese individuals have had their calm and spiritual persona exploited to the extreme through the military junta that has controlled america, we free airline have stood by and allowed this oppression to occur.

Back in the 90's I'd the privilege to work in Yangon like a consultant to their fledgling mobile telephony network, albeit my work lasted just for a short period of time, a matter of a couple of months. For one fleeting moment, about 12 to 15 years back it looked as if they were about to rejoin the democratic world order, because they attempted to embrace democracy. Global hotel chains rushed to Yangon to build and operate spectacular hotels of incredible quality, sadly as they did stick to the democratic discipline, these hotels have stood largely empty.

As for my reason to become there it had been to advise them on the requirements necessary to implement a mobile telephony network across Myanmar. As they were trying to embrace mobile telephony, because it looked as though they wanted to include a network, then they were beginning to open up the country again.

Throughout the period which i traveled to and from Myanmar, an outing which i found to be fraught with difficulty because of all of the procedural requirements to acquire visa's etc., I saw an infra-structure which was similar to the war years across Europe. There have been old Bedford lorries and buses which were easily 50 years old and remained as operating as originally intended, it had been as if the world hadn't managed to move on. For me personally this brought a type of charm to my trips which was enjoyable to see and experience, but I left the country for better facilities so never really had to experience the practical impact for any time period.

[http://businessinvietnam.eu/foreign-business-formation-and-foreign-investments-in-vietnam.html Foreign Business Formation in Vietnam]

However, that which was an unexpected to me; was the existence of French nationals plying their trade. In france they were involved with areas for example; Telephone exchange systems right through to restaurants. I was advised by colleagues which i caused to keep my own council should I be in any bars within my evenings, these were indicating the existence of French intelligence, something who were there in Myanmar to safeguard French businesses from foreign competitors. I have no idea whether I brushed with these guys so didn't have experience to say if this was true or not. But, I had certainly been advised to help keep my very own council especially around the bar of the Strand Hotel, a bar where the few expats which were in Myanmar frequented, I count embassy personal amongst the expats.

During among my evening trips I had the great fortune to visit beyond Yangon, traveling on a main route for approx 10 miles, at which point we turned off the road and followed a dirt track not less than another 2 miles. Eventually we discovered an attractive newly painted white colonial house, this house is at the center of a plantation, it had an arch stretching out from the front door/entrance whereby cars could drive through and stop underneath, this arch was similar to a by gone era. Imaginable that in the days when colonial carriages were being used, that these carriages would draw under the arch and come to a complete halt, the colonial elite would then alight from such carriages. The leading porch would then pass into a grand hall filled with sweeping staircase. This rather splendid building was an exclusive French restaurant, it came together with a French chef/owner, the meals was of unbelievable quality. The restaurant was not over populated with tables however the tables that were there situated in the various rooms, counseled me full with diners.

I have digressed, it's interesting that the exploiters were indeed the exploited after your day, as the Chinese were using Myanmar's resources to create power after which send that power to China netting little benefit to the Burmese. I would suspect the military regime of Myanmar had long enjoyed the support of China. But this aside as well as for unkown reasons they, the junta, have finally arrived at the table and the people of Myanmar may take a breath and heave a sigh of relief. As for the west we ought to now embrace them and help them join the civilized community of nations. In so doing we ought to not dismiss the sacrifice that Aung San Suu Ky gave to aid her people throughout this difficult period, for we ought to acknowledge her fortitude, her resilience her grace and poise as she endured those years confined to her home. Aung San Suu Ky deserves a role around the world stage as I am sure we have a new world states person in the guise of Aung San Suu Ky, she's displayed great humility, great dignity seen only if Nelson Mandela was released after years of confinement. Like Nelson Mandela she has not called for her oppressors to become delivered to book for their oppression for she's sought to unify this country. In my opinion she has great courage and dignity an individual who has respect for that values from the ordinary people! Indeed the planet need to look to her for guidance only at that difficult time.

I really hope we have seen this country quickly move forward, they, the people increase their security, bring peace and stability, that their living standards quickly improve. I also think that this country should open its doors to ensure that many of us can easily see the temples which have formed the spiritual backbone of the people of Myanmar. Hopefully we can all go through the Shwedagon Paya (Pagoda) for this is really a world renowned Buddhist Temple, located on a hill as it watches over all of Yangon. With this temple was built and established before the duration of Christ. I for just one am lucky enough to get have visited this excellent monument.