Slushy Magic



What Is Slushy Magic

Do you want a cold, delicious slushy to sip on? Obviously you do! And now you could make slushies at home with Slushy Magic. Walking to the neighborhood shop isn't required to enjoy a cold slushy. Not to mention the cash you save making your personal slushy! Making slushy's is fun too! Kids like it! Making slushy's in your own home makes everyone happy and you will even become a hero in the process! Slushy Magic is warm and friendly, affordable and available at most local drug stores or online.

A good way to Make Delicious Fun

It's all too easy to make slushys with a Slushy Magic kit mix. The kit includes everything you need to build your own slushy. You provide the beverage and Slushie does the remainder. What's your preferred beverage? Anything you dress in hand, soda, lemonade, any fruit juice, kool-aid, grape juice to name a few - all can be created into your favorite slushie drink. You receive the shaker cup, reusable lid, spoon straw, and three reusable slushy ice cubes in the kit. Plus, a handy drink guide just incase you'll need a little inspiration.

[http://www.jukeboxalive.com/blog.php?blog_id=11649727 Slushy Magic]

A secure Drink

Yes, Slushie Magic is good and safe to drink. All aspects of the kit are non-toxic and meets or exceeds U.S. safety standards. Additionally, Slushy Magic ice cubes are full of salt and water. There aren't any chemicals in the slushy magic kit. Slushy's are also BPA (bios phenol A) free. There aren't any warnings issued for that kit. Safe, tasty and fun all-in-one kit. Like it!

Make it a Healthy Magic

Slushy the right path to a healthy drink or snack. They are filling and can be a super fun method of getting your kids and also you to get your vitamins. For healthier slushy drink mixes, try making an orange juice slushy to have together with your breakfast. Afternoon snacks always taste better when you have a low fat chocolate milk slushy to drink. It's so much fun to make use of. The kit includes a drink mix idea guide too. What about a healthy pineapple juice slushy being an afternoon lift me up? Keep it low fat and healthy by choosing 100% juices to add to the shaker cup. Milk slushy's with a touch of real vanilla from your bakery cabinet, tastes so yummy and it is a useful source of calcium too.

Kids and Adults Love It

It's a fun accessory for any birthday celebration! Whether your six or sixty-five, slushy's fit right in. You choose what kind of slushy to create! Little kids love apple and grape juice so keep that in mind before grabbing for the soda! Although nothing tastes better than the usual root beer slushy! Gatorade as well as low fat chocolate or strawberry milk are real crowd pleasers too. One of the best parts in regards to a slushy has got to be the famous slushy spoon-straw. How much fun is that little tool? Well, those product inventors knew that you'd require a spoon to start out with along with a straw to drink the yummy goodness at the bottom from the cup too! Slushy straws really are a variety of their very own.

Adults may prefer some margarita mix shook into an awesome frozen slush. What a party! And everybody can make their own. The beauty of the ice is that they are reusable. Why not get two kits and double the amount fun while you're at it. The greater Slushy Magic kits the greater with regards to having a slushy making party! What a good idea. It's nice with an excuse to obtain together with your family or friends, why not make slushy making your traditions?