Multilevel marketing - How to Build Your Zeek Rewards Business Fast



If you have joined Zeek Rewards, i quickly have to say congratulations! Now the question is, how do you build your business extremely fast? Zeek Rewards is really a business which pays you to advertise their online penny auctions.

Most people would believe that they have to sponsor a lot of people underneath them first to make money. In all actuality, if you sponsor a lot of people first and never get customers that ultimately is not sustainable. A true pyramid scheme is all about recruiting distributors instead of customers and never using a legit product, with Zeek Rewards the merchandise is bids towards the online penny auctions.

Zeek Rewards is all about driving traffic for their online penny auction website. As a Zeek affiliate, your primary aim would be to purchase as many sample bids as you can and give them. You want as numerous people as possible to register using your link to get free bids. Your primary focus should not be on attempting to recruit individuals to perform the business. Your main focus should be to get as numerous free bids as you can and give these to people.

[http://www.madville.com/blogs/409142_multilevel_marketing_working_your_zeek_rewards_business zeek rewards truth multi level marketing]

Three steps to success in Zeek Rewards

The very first thing you should be trying to do would be to purchase as numerous sample bids as you can. Most people aren't looking to enroll in a work from home business. Many people would, however, like some free samples. So rather than attempting to recruit as numerous people as possible speak with, attempt to give them some free bids to the online penny auctions.

The second step is giving as numerous bids as you can. Family, friends, social media, and posting ads are the most useful possible ways to make this happen. I'd also make some flyers and pass them out out and about too. Nobody will avoid something that they will get free of charge. Most people, however, would avoid "work at home" and "business opportunities."

The third step is really the most important. The third step is to post your everyday ad and submit it to your back office. That's the reason and just how you are receiving paid. If you don't post your everyday ad, then you definitely won't receive money your everyday rewards.

Success in Zeek Rewards

Should you choose the 3 aforementioned steps, then you'll flourish in Zeek Rewards. You will notice your daily VIP points balance grow as well as your earnings are simply based on the total amount. Also make sure you repurchase amount is set to 80/20. Which means 80% of the daily rewards is going back into the business and you're simply taking home 20% of your income.