= New CLI commands to be added =

New CLI commands are required for accessing/testing the key and the key request resources.

The following are the new commands we would like to have.

1. '''key-show'''

Required Parameters : key-id. Output: Print the KeyInfo object returned.

2. '''key-request-show'''

Required parameters: request-id. Output: Print the KeyRequestInfo object.

3. '''key-find'''

Required parameters: client-key-id. Output: Print the KeyInfo object returned.
Since there will be only one active key for a given client key id, key-find will suffice.

4. '''key-mod'''

Required parameters: key-id, status=[active/inactive]. Output: Success/Exception

5. '''key-template-show'''

Required parameters: type = [approve/reject/cancel], format=[XML/JSON], output=[file_name]. Output: print/create a file with the request xml

6. '''key-recover'''

Required parameters: key-id. Optional parameters: b64Cert=[file path with the cert], input=[KeyRecoveryRequest.xml](future). 
Output: Print KeyRequestInfo object(for now).

7. '''key-archive'''

Required parameters: input=[KeyArchiveRequest.xml]. Output: Print the KeyRequestInfo object.

8. '''key-retrieve'''

Required parameters: key-id. Optional parameters: input = [KeyRecoveryRequest.xml]. Output: Print/Write the KeyData object.

9. '''key-generate'''

Required parameters: input=[SymKeyGenerationRequest.xml]. Output: Print the KeyRequestInfo object.

10,11,12. '''key-request-review'''

Required parameters: request-id, action=[approve/reject/cancel].

13. '''key-template-find'''