10 Things You Need to Know Before Buying Used Copiers



If you are planning to buy second hand copiers there are several things you have to know about. These things will help you purchase a copier which will work with more than a few months and produce quality copies. If you buy a used copier then certain things need to be looked at.

1. Chronilogical age of copier

Should you be looking to buy a second hand copier you should know a little about the copier. The brand name is the first place to go but knowing how old the copier is would be also a good idea. The life span of a copier is only a certain period of time before you will not be able to make use of it any more.

2. Accessibility to spares

There are certain things that you have to get for the copier. Ink cartridges are one of these things but there's a problem. After a certain amount of time a copier becomes obsolete and company will no longer manufacture the ink cartridges. Knowing if you can still get cartridges is very important.

3. What it really did before

Who used the copier before and just how much arrange it did can also be important. Ex lease devices are among the kinds of used copiers you'll be able to obtain. You ought to be careful using this type of copier as it might have undergone heavy use and need to be cleaned and serviced soon.

[http://www.vilago21.com/event/Extend+The+Lifespan+Of+Your+Copier/1175732/profile used copiers]

4. Refurbished copiers

Another kind of copier you can get is really a refurbished one. Lots of people think that this is a good type of used copier because it was already serviced. Obviously you will have to be sure that the refurbishment was done by someone reputable.

5. The refurbishment process

If you are going to buy a refurbished copier you will have to understand how the copier was refurbished. Just having the copier cleaned inside and out will not always fix a problem that the copier had. Ask the person you're buying from concerning the refurbishment process so you are aware if it's more descriptive than a simple clean.

6. Service contracts

Taking a look in the service contract can also be very important. When you buy the copier obtain a contract which will cover all of the services you may need. Most significant is to get one that covers maintenance services and parts they need.

7. As new contracts

If a machine continues to be refurbished correctly then there should be no trouble with getting an as new contract. All contracts should be the same as if you have a brand new machine. If there is a problem with getting this sort of contract then there may be an issue with the refurbishment process.

8. Lease before buying

An option which may be open would be to lease the used copier before you purchase it. This is a fantastic way to see the condition from the copier and when it is worth the money. Additionally, you will be able to find out if the copier will meet your requirements.

9. Consider the cover

While people say to not judge a magazine by its cover a copier is yet another thing all together. If the casing of the copier is damaged and has large creaks inside it then you definitely should look at not buying it. Additionally buttons which are worn or missing make the perfect indication from the life span of the copier.

10. New features

In the event you buy a used copier at all? New models will have capabilities and they'll also be more eco friendly. If you buy an older copier then you will not have access to exactly the same features. In addition, you may find that you use more resources.

There are a variety of things to take a look at when purchasing second hand copiers. It is important to be aware of process accustomed to fix the copier. Service contracts ought to be as new and the just like new copiers or there may be something wrong.