How To Buy Art - Beginners Level



Many people buy art. The reason why they buy are varied. Some people only buy what they need to decorate a home or office. These folks may feel that a framed poster or even a decorative paper calendar is art.

Cheap decoration includes a place, but the individuals who find bargain decor are not as likely to be buyers of original art. Frame shops have tried to push posters, "art print" lithographs, and giclee' editions as art. Interestingly the average frame shop today can charge $100 - $250 for an "archival" matted lithograph in a frame under glass or plastic.

These same frame shops may charge $400 - $1200 for a giclee' (a litho on canvas with a textured acrylic coating) in a simple frame. Whereas a buyer could purchase a promising small to large original work with $80 - $600.

However, there could be no guarantee that the original work will increase in value through the years, it is certain the poster or litho or giclee' will decrease in value when it leaves the shop.

Ceramics and sculpture suffer exactly the same market issues that flat work suffers. Mass manufacture of "art" ceramics and sculpture editions is everywhere. It's overpriced - these pieces can range from $40 to $600.

[http://billiondollarwiki.watchfreeinternettvonline.com/index.php?title=User:LingleSantistevan198 sell art online]

Production art from factories in under developed countries is in glut at import stores, discount stores and some furniture stores selling decor items. And contains little possibility of holding any value beyond it's second sale at a thrift shop or yard sale.

What else can a buyer find? After some looking around a buyer will find artists within the region selling original art. Some small galleries and frame shops have original works, but heading towards the artist usually gets the finest pieces for your money.

Art fairs, annual community art shows and auctions are excellent ways to see the works of many artists previously. You are able to meet artists, exchange cards or phone numbers, even negotiate better prices.

Surfing the net is yet another way to find numerous artists selling original works in every genre, medium, size, and color. Be cautious about artists selling overpriced posters and giclee's of their own works - bargain for originals.

If you're able to visit an artist's studio you might get to determine a bigger spectrum of their work. Along the way of getting to understand the artist negotiations may be better, especially if you want several piece or bring enthusiastic friends who'll buy as well. Bartering is a real possibility for many artists as well, based on what you have to give you.