Acrostic Poems - 8 Top Topics For Acrostics



Acrostics are funtastic and help to concentrate on a subject in a wonderfully novel, personal and creative way. So super power your imagination and get your brain to like learning by utilizing these flexible learning tools. Creating a bit of acrostic poetry is a impressive method to really engage learners within the learning process. Acrostic poems contain a composition of phrases whereby the first letter spells out a particular word or phrase. An acrostic poem, therefore, might contain four lines, the first beginning with the letter 'L', the 2nd 'O', the 3rd 'V' and also the fourth 'E'. This could hopefully be an acrostic poem about some facet of love. Beautiful poetry can be created in this way about any number of subjects.

The writing of acrostic poetry can be a marvelous learning exercise as students focus creatively on the nature of their theme. What might be an appropriate subject in order to obtain acrostic poetry? Here are a few suggestions:

1) An acrostic for any name: a student's own name or even the name of a famous person: Mom, Grandma, Dad, Grandpa, Jesus, Shakespeare, Washington, Einstein, Da Vinci, Abraham Lincoln, Elvis Presley, Michael Jackson, Christopher Columbus, Martin Luther King. Acrostics for names make fantastic and emotional or amusing notes for birthdays and special events of individuals you like.

[http://acrostic.me/ acrostic poem definition]

2) Acrostics for organizations: UN, NASA, Shell, McDonald's, BP, WalMart. Whether you need to make a political or promotional statement or simply amuse your friends creating an acrostic while using letters of the company could be a fantastic way to draw attention.

3) Acrostics for positive words: ace, adore, dynamic, energy, fizz, fresh, magic, munch, paradise, plum, soft, solar, spice, strong, tasty, trust, vital, zest, peace. An attractive way to have a positivity boost would be to generate a poem utilizing a positive word because the basis- you'll be focusing on this word while you make your poem as well as your brain will react accordingly: you'll naturally be positive as you make your poem.

4) An acrostic poem for a place of interest Eg Pyramids, Venice, New, York, London, Stonehenge, America, Europe, England, US, Sydney, Canada, Moon, stars, Pacific, Nile, Mississippi. An excellent method for synergising the important aspects of a place. As with every of those suggestions it might be interesting to think about the five W's who, what, where, when, and why; Who were the Aztecs? What occurred at Stonehenge? Where's the Mississippi? Just when was the moon brightest? Why were the Pyramids built?

[http://acrostic.me/poem/love/bible/kjv love acrostic poem]

5) Acrostics for beautiful things: flower, love, family, child, wife, husband, earth, sea, forest, pictures, stars, Internet, talk, sharing, snow. The stuff of wonderful poetry for years and years!

6) An acrostic poem for actions: play, draw, sleep, jog, walk, want, try, succeed, help. To focus on that which you hope to gain or even the important characteristics of doing a particular thing an acrostic poem using the requisite verb as basis might be just the trick.

7) Acrostic poems for special times: Christmas, Mothers' Day, Easter, Spring, Autumn, Summer, Winter, five a.m., evening.

8) Acrostic poems for feelings or ways of being: able, cheerful, courageous, confident, determined, delighted, eager, energetic, excited, joyful, playful. A highly effective form of therapy might be to explore your feelings relating to a particular sphere of emotion. Again the W's might come in handy: Why is you content? Where are you most excited? When are you currently full of joy?

All of these make highly engaging acrostic topics and no doubt you can imagine countless more; one reason acrostics are loved by poets, word fans, crossword hackers, puzzle lovers and students and teachers of all types. When you generate an acrostic poem you can make your theme clear, by emphasizing the first letters which show the theme, or you will not, being coy regarding your acrostic poem or maybe sewing your hidden word or phrase into the second letter of every line. You may desire to only use a word per line: you might use a complete and beautifully constructed phrase, or even an entire paragraph.

[http://acrostic.me/name name poem]

Acrostic poetry could be formal or informal, many people take it very seriously: aspects of poetry composition such as the utilization of iambic pentameters and so forth could be just like easily applied within the structure of an acrostic. Less formally some poets make use of the form for play and relaxation; many utilize it to create personalized and loving messages. In part because of the flexible nature of acrostic poetry it is often chosen by teachers to introduce learners to the joys of writing whilst providing an operating, constraining structure; the skeleton, if you will, which students can flesh-out and make something delightful; or a creative monster! Kids of course, love generating acrostics and frequently achieve this with great panache.

Acrostic poetry continues to be generated for centuries to go into detail religious messages bobs of data helpful to know and meditate upon; it's even cited as relating to the origin of symbolizing Jesus Christ by having an image of a fish. The reasoning behind this relates to story-telling: some structure to some story allows us to to know, remember, and recall and telling stories is one thing we humans are very talented at and also have been for a while!

To sum it up Acrostics offer an excellent medium to think about and present a topic inside an imaginative way. Acrostics does apply to abstract concepts or else, they may be usefully generated for names, organizations, positive words, tourist destinations, beautiful things generally, actions, special times (Christmas acrostics and Mothers' Day acrostics) Spring and Winter and of course to feelings. Acrostics may be used in acrostic puzzles and games and the generation of acrostics is a superb creativity enabler and brain expander as well as being a hugely fun educational tool. For that acrostic poem-maker many enjoyable hours await!