Types of Tape as well as their Uses



So much tape and thus many uses! Here are a few stuff that can be achieved with different types of tape for any or all your taping needs!

Masking Tape ought to be a household staple item with all of its uses. You can use it to label supplies and mark containers. Since it is easily written on, the options are endless in connection with this. For that frugal minded, you can use masking tape to correct vacuum bags so you can use them more often than once! Use masking tape to hold up party decorations such as streamers and balloons as masking tape won't leave the sticky residue like other tapes can. Finally, there are many kinds of masking tape - some of which can help with painting projects to find the perfect lines every time.

Duct Tape is probably one of the most versatile tapes available. Technology-not only to patch water pipes until a far more permanent fix can be carried out. Patch holes in children's pools and use it as weather stripping around your doors and windows. It is a strong tape that may be use within a pinch to hem pants or a skirt/dress. Often times it is used to repair vacuum hoses in order to stop that leak in your garden hose. It's perfect for removing lint from clothing and even reinforcing a book binding. This tape is really a handy someone to have around.

[http://www.loxytapes.com/category/flame-retardant-reflective-tape.html FR Reflective Trim]

Electrical Tape has some great uses since it is stretchy and easily torn manually. Because it is available in many different colors, it is a great one to use for color coding. Electrical tape isn't just for electrical.

Tape is not only employed for wrapping presents as you can see. The uses and possibilities are endless. Therefore the the next time you're holding a roll of tape inside your hand, look at it differently and ask yourself "what else could I actually do with this today?"