10 Kinds of Jewelry For Men



Whenever we think about jewelry, we automatically think about jewelry for ladies. Nowadays it is becoming more and more common and trendy for men to wear jewelry. Although much of men's jewelry serves a purpose, there are lots of items which don't have any other purpose rather than complement your natural visual appearance. Read on to find out some obvious (plus some not so obvious) jewelry selections for men.

Create a Statement with Men's Jewelry

1. Watches

Timepieces have been in existence for a few centuries and serve a good purpose. Jewelry or machine? Honestly, a watch can be a piece of jewelry which happens to tell time. This is a way to get men that don't like wearing "jewelry" to actually wear jewelry without knowing it. The type of watch worn has to match the image the person really wants to project,: a wrist watch for the executive, a Swatch for that artist, a Nike for that athlete. Because so many guys have active lifestyles, you will find different watches created for different activities.

2. Rings

The next most common bit of jewelry men wear is a ring. The reason being in only about every culture, rings are worn to symbolize marriage between a couple. Rings have been around for a long time. Unlike watches, they don't serve an objective, but when worn around the left ring finger, they are doing send out an indication in regards to a man's marital status. Engagement rings was once made from just gold or platinum. Actually, it wasn't until recently that wedding band designers began to test out the thought of using alternative metals. One of the first alternative metals was titanium. The metal was valued for its lightweight, white color and strength. It is used for many other types of jewelry, not only rings. Only less than Five years ago, tungsten carbide - a comparatively unknown metal to the general public - suddenly exploded in popularity. It now comprises 20% of all men's wedding ring sales in North America. Men's tungsten wedding bands are valued for their extreme hardness. They are 4 times harder than titanium and also have a hefty weight that men like. Tungsten is so hard that only a diamond or sapphire can scratch it. Tungsten can also be very affordable. If you wish to stay with a precious metal ring, but don't want to pay through your nose for a gold or platinum ring, palladium may be the approach to take. Palladium rings look and act just like platinum because these two metals come from exactly the same group of metals, the Platinum Group Metals. Palladium, however, is about 70% more affordable than platinum rings. Many jewelers only deal with a few select metals. Larson Jewelers sells wedding bands made from both precious metals and alternative metals.

3. Earring(s)

Traditionally for women, the earring is now accepted by society for males. Some men wear one earring plus some wear two. Men that have traditional jobs within an office setting in many cases are discouraged from wearing earrings or not allowed to wear them by company policy. Although, less popular as a man's gift, earrings are not going anywhere soon as men's jewelry.

4. Bracelets

Although less popular than watches, bracelets are a piece of jewelry many men wear. Men's bracelets used to be made from heavier and more expensive metals for example gold, but alternative metals are becoming increasingly popular. All of the materials employed for bracelets are more varied than for rings or watches, and many seem to be not even metals. You will find bracelets made of wooden beads, carbon fiber, and ceramics, as well as stainless steel and titanium. Frequently, they incorporate more than one of the aforementioned mentioned materials.

[http://www.deinekollegen.de/blog.php?user=coltonsanchez828&blogentry_id=4500331 mens urban jewelry]

5. Necklaces

Necklaces were worn by more men previously than today. Men that wear necklaces often wear only one. Previously there is a greater tendency to wear multiple necklaces. Multiple necklaces can be viewed as tacky or "slimy" today, and as such many men today avoid wearing multiple necklaces.

6. Pendants

Men have mostly switched from wearing necklaces to wearing pendants. Pendants may be used to show a man's religious faith or simply to express oneself. The most typical pendant to put on is the cross, in countless variations, and far like bracelets, pendants which were mostly made from gold in the past are increasingly being made in all kinds of metallic and non-metallic materials. Some men wear pendants along with necklaces, while others choose to wear their pendants around their neck with a modest black leather cord.

7. Cuff Links

Commonly referred to as men's accessories, cuff links are in fact jewelry that men wear without thinking they're there just keep shirt cuffs buttoned, right? Cufflinks are most often worn within an office setting where more professional dress is required. They make great Father's Day gifts or birthday gifts. They are usually made from stainless steel or in some cases titanium. Gold is used, but is less common.

8. Money Clip

Men who like to show they've higher status, or at least the appearance of high status, tend to use money clips. With credit cards beings so ubiquitous, many men don't have cash in their pockets, which defeats the purpose of a money clip. The clip part of the money clip is usually made from stainless and when there's a decorative element around the clip it can be made of silver, gold as well as other type of material. Money clips are often given on the same occasions as cuff links.

9. Fountain Pens

Designer fountain pens can cost between several $ 100 to tens of thousands of dollars, and tend to be gifts that companies give to their men and women executives. They can be also given to friends or spouses. In the current high tech world, writing with pens is less common - even signatures can be electronic now. The fountain pen has become more of a piece of jewelry than the usual functional item.

10. Key Chains

Key rings are a jewelry item used to execute a function a lot more than jewelry. Because of this, few key rings are made of expensive metals. The majority are made from stainless, leather or titanium. This can be a gift that is popular for Father's Day or birthdays, particularly from the child.