= Overview =

Current functional tests are stored in [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/tree/master/tests/dogtag tests/dogtag] folder.

= Shell Tests =

The shell-based tests are available [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/tree/master/tests/dogtag/acceptance here].

= Java Tests =

Java-based tests are available [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/tree/master/tests/dogtag/dev_java_tests here].

== Setting up the test environment ==

A new DS instance, to be used by the CA instance for
which the tests are run, can be created by running the following
command:

 $ setup-ds.pl --silent --\
     General.FullMachineName=$HOSTNAME\
     General.SuiteSpotUserID=dirsrv\
     General.SuiteSpotGroup=dirsrv\
     slapd.ServerPort=389\
     slapd.ServerIdentifier=pki-tomcat\
     slapd.Suffix=dc=example,dc=com\
     slapd.RootDN="cn=Directory Manager"\
     slapd.RootDNPwd=Secret.123

Then a CA instance can be created using the deploment configuration
file tests/dogtag/conf/deploy.cfg with the command:

 $ pkispawn -s CA -f deploy.cfg

The ca_admin_cert.p12 file has to be imported into an NSS DB to be used
for authentication in the tests.

Since pkispawn can only be run as root user, the ca_admin_cert.p12
file is created in /root/.dogtag/pki-tomcat/. The root user can run
the following commands to make it available to a non-root user.

 $ cp ~/.dogtag/pki-tomcat/ca_admin_cert.p12 /tmp
 $ chmod 777 /tmp/ca_admin_cert.p12

Now the following commands can be executed by non-root user to import the cert PKCS12 file into a local NSS DB.

 $ pki -d /tmp/nssdb -c Secret.123 client-init
 $ pki -d /tmp/nssdb -c Secret.123 pkcs12-import --pkcs12-file /tmp/ca_admin_cert.p12 --pkcs12-password Secret.123

Any the changes during the initial setup have to be updated in the
tests/dogtag/conf/test.cfg. (Used by the tests)
With all the setting above mentioned the tests will run successfully.

== Running the tests ==

The tests can be either run individually or as as part of a suite in Eclipse.
To run the tests as a suite, Open BeakerTestSuite and run as JUnit
test.
A suite is a test runner which executes all the tests added to it
using the @SuiteClasses tag.

A customized suite, PKITestSuite, is used to provide additional
functionality when the tests are run on a beaker test machine.

To run the tests individually(a class like CATestJunit),
just run the class as a JUnitTest.

= Python Test =

Python-based tests are available [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/tree/master/tests/dogtag/pytest here] and [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/tree/master/tests/python here].

= References =

* [[Functional Tests]]