Which are the Kinds of Questions Asked in GAMSAT

When I came out from my exam hall, I heard so many comments associated with section 1. Candidates said with frustration, "I hated Section 1", "I were built with a anxiety attack when I saw the large passages" etc. I agreed together. I'd gone through the same challenge with section 1. So I decided putting my efforts on finding additional information how you can face this section. I must share the information and tips that I have collected relating to this critical section here.

GAMSAT doesn't have structured study materials. Only the topics will be provided and the questions is going to be inspired to test your intellectual property. The syllabus of section 1 had been mentioned as "Humanities and Social Science" however the questions is going to be asked from many general areas. The here are the fields from where the questions is going to be asked.

[http://luisrobinson29.xanga.com/767038208/what-is-the-efficient-way-of-preparing-for-gamsat/ gamsat prep]

Kinds of Questions

1. Non fiction texts
2. Fiction texts
3. Poetry
4. Proverbs / quotes
5. Cartoons
6. Diagrams / pictorial information
7. Tables / charts

You can score well by concentrating on the above topics without any chaos. Candidates used to concentrate on every area randomly and struggle with the unknown questions. This is the main reason they could not keep up the time frame. Always section 1 could be running out of time but this list would help you to become more specific.

The gorgeous area that consumes tremendous amount of time is "Passage type of questions" in Section 1. There will be page long passages and also the MCQs could be asked in line with the passages.

The frustration from the candidates could be transparent on their forum comments about the page long passages. Generally, we would like to "listen" than "read". It is easy to remember what we should hear. The majority of us are willing to listen if someone tells the storyline than reading it personally. It may be the reason for our frustration towards passages.

I would suggest you to definitely only concentrate on the above areas and prepare for your exam well. You don't have of getting into all of the areas all over the world. It consumes long hours but provides no benefits more often than not.