Multichannel audio Headphones - An ideal Device To Get True Theater-Like Experience



Multichannel audio headphones is different the way you enjoy music nowadays. Before 1970s', the quality of audio was monophonic employing just one or perhaps a couple of speakers. Cinemas were the only real means where you could watch a movie and relish the music. Those times, the audio system in the theaters was monophonic utilizing a large speaker situated behind the screen. Those born within the 60s won't be able to perceive the main difference between the quality of audio in those times and that of now. The reason being cinemas today too are utilizing more realistic surround audio technology. Exactly the same technologies have now been built-into headphones.

Surround sound headphones has personalized the real theater-like audio knowledge about better, clearer, realistic, sharper audio output. The reason behind this is the use of a technology that can reproduce 3D audio theater faithfully. The system channels different frequencies of audio output through different speakers arranged around you. The speaker are arranged in such a way that when different frequency sound waves are emitted from different speakers it seems that you're hearing exactly the same musics originating from different directions. In short you are wrapped around in an audio blanket.

When you use ordinary headphones, you will hear sound coming from one direction only. This doesn't allow you to enjoy the finer aspects of the caliber of natural sound; but if you use multichannel audio headset you can clearly distinguish the different subtle qualities of the sound. This is due to the fact that ordinary headphones produce sound in one direction while multichannel audio headset has the ability to distribute the seem like the speakers inside a theater setting.

[http://www.nyc.net.au/node/104404 Buy Headphones Online]

On the other hand it's possible for you to hear surround sound with the help of a regular headphone, but in this case you will require to plug it in a person that uses digital sound processing system to reproduce sound. Here the hardware from the player processes the sound and never the headphone, whereas in case of multichannel audio headset it is the headset that produces the 3D sound irrespective of the type of player. Nevertheless, if you use multichannel audio headset in conjunction with a DSP player, you'll have a heightened state of audio experience.

The 3D sound effect is based on the principles of psycho-acoustics which is the branch of science staring at the psychological and physiological responses related to sound. Manufacturers of surround sound headset used the findings of such research to design their headsets. It has resulted in sound reproduction from the original recorded sound, where you can differentiate the different frequencies separately.

In theaters the 3D sound effect is produced through several speakers however the multichannel audio headset has only two earpieces, just how 3D effect is produced? In these headsets psycho-acoustics principles and modes have been used to alter the frequencies from the sound in such a way it seems the sound is coming from different directions creating a surround effect.

Using the introduction of surround headsets, enjoying 3D sound has become quite personalized apart from being used commercially in theaters and home theaters only. It has changed the way people perceive music these days from the days when sound reproduction was monophonic.