How Did My Glass Get Scratched

Few situations are more enjoyable, than looking using your pristine windows from the convenience of your house, in the beautiful scenery outside. That view could be marred by scratches in your window glass. Regardless of how clean they're, scratches it's still there.

How did my glass get scratched?

I did previously believe only a diamond could scratch glass. Actually, there are many stuff that could have caused your scratches.

1. Scratched could be brought on by the clean-up after construction. Brick mortar, concrete, paint, if removed improperly, may cause scratches. For instance: Trying to remove concrete from the window by rubbing or scraping it will drag the concrete over the top of the glass and perhaps scratch it. You will find special solutions that will soften or dissolve the concrete to permit so that it is removed safely.

[http://www.purevolume.com/serenityherbert137234/posts/1853499/phoenix+glass+repair window repair phoenix]

2. Something as simple as a scouring pad from your sink. This may seem a quick way to remove ketchup or any other grime from your window, however it can scratch or cloud the glass. Some scouring pads are secure to use, like a "white pad". It is good to be absolutely certain before you begin using it though.

3. Glass that's been tinted by a film can also be scratched because of your fingernail or a dry rag.

As you can see, your glass could be scratched in many ways. Once it has been damaged it is not easy if not impossible to correct and expensive to replace.