Biography of Kim Kardashian

Kim Kadashian is alternately described as a socialite, reality TV celebrity, debutante, and entrepreneur or sometimes called a celebutante (a debutante who's a high profile). Whatever she is called, Kim is well known and undeniably beautiful. Although she has many television credits and movie appearances to her name she might be best known for her naughty tape together with her boyfriend Ray J.

Kim Kardashian was created in Los Angeles on October 21, 1980 to defense attorney Robert Kardashian who is perhaps most widely known for his defense of OJ Simpson. Robert Kardashian was of Armenian descent and Kim Kardashian describes her childhood as filled with Armenian holidays, foods and stories. Kim's mother is Kris Jenner nee Houghton. She's two sisters and something brother, Kourtney, Kloe, and Robert in addition to a host of stepbrothers and sisters, Burton, Brandon, Brody and Casey Jenner and 2 half-sisters Kendall and Kylie Jenner.

While her parents were affluent they also supported the job ethic and Kim Kardashian was by herself financially at the age of 18. This very possibly contributed to her entrepreneurial career since her family was determined their kids would develop to become independent and self-sustaining individuals.

[http://www.funnykimkardashian.com/the-official-kim-kardashian-and-ray-j-video-part-1/ you could try this out]

E! published Kim Kardashian's earnings and stated that the figure was near 5 million each year. Although being born into an affluent family can promise earnings for many, Kim Kardashian has earned hers. While Kim is different focuses several times she appears to be successful in her own endeavors and even when as a production closes she's already moving onward to another part of her busy life.

In 2007 Kim Kardashian was December cover girl for Playboy magazine. Kim was the Spokeswoman for Bongo jeans although she was more voluptuous than the usual model of these designer jeans. Kim added to her credits by appearing on "Dancing with the Stars" but barely made it 3 weeks in to the show before being eliminated.

Whatever Kim Kardashian decides to try next she's bound to gather media attention. Her real girl figure (translation is curvy) her determined attitude and of course the Kardashian skin have made this debutante and child of the famous lawyer, famous in their right.