Prescription medications For Insomnia



Now, if you are in the point where you read everything you could possibly get their hands on about changes in lifestyle and OTC options and merely Take some HELP! Please continue reading...

You are ready to talk with your personal doctor about prescription medications -so anticipate to have a discussion! We'll review the different options to be able to learn that will work best for you personally.

1. Sleeping Aids: Included in this are Lunesta, Ambien, Rozerem and Sonata- they specifically cause people to go to sleep. Ambien and Sonata can be found in generic.

2. Anti-anxiety Meds: Benzodiazepines (like Xanax and Restoril -both available in generic) may be used temporary to help with anxiety and sleep issues- they work by "chilling" the individual out and making them drowsy.

3. Antidepressants: If anxiety is ongoing -some antidepressants (like Paxil or Celexa) can also act as an anti-anxiety medication too; some specific ones like Elavil, Trazodone and Serzone also have a side-effect of causing drowsiness.

[http://www.directorise.com/listing/179121-Negative-effects-Of-Common-Sleeping-pills.html buy Zolpidem]

So, there are the classes of drugs that will help...now, which ones are perfect for you? Things you must look into: Do you have trouble falling asleep or staying asleep or both? Do you simply have trouble sleeping or is it because your mind is racing?

1. Do you have trouble dropping off to sleep?

- Ambien (zolpidem) or Sonata (zaleplon)

- Halcion (triazolam)

2. Have you got challenge with awakening in the center of the night time?

- ProSom (estazolam)

- Restoril (temazepam)

3. Do you have trouble falling and staying asleep?

- Ambien CR (zolpidem)

- Lunesta (escoplicone)

- Desyrel (trazodone)

- Serzone (nefazodone)

- Elavil (amitriptyline)

Now you will be ready to possess a real discussion with your physician about what works good for you!