Buying A house Theater Projector

A digital video projector offers the big screen with no big TV. Projector advancements have come quite a distance in recent years with absolutely no compromise in quality what this means is they now look better then ever and have eliminated many past problems and therefore are now actually affordable meaning the standard buyer has the capacity to step into a HDTV projector for a reasonable price.

Stuff you will need:

Your Budget

Which space /room will the projector be located in

Step one

The very first thing you will want to choose is what type of projector would you like. The two most common and many affordable technology is LCD and DLP. Some sensitive people can experience an effect that is refereed to because the "rainbow effect" which is unique to single-chip DLP projectors. So you may wish to look for a demo of the unit first. The best choice is too look for a local sound / home theatre store in your local area to examine both technologies top notch.

LCD projectors produce richer color dynamics for better leads to rooms with ample ambient light. DLP pixels are far less visible on screen and the projector is actually much smaller compared to an LCD.

There's also a third technology called LCOS which can produce truly amazing video and is able to surpassing either LCD or DLP, but the price is also extremely high. By 2010 prices should begin to decrease as production become more efficient.

Step 2

Take measurements of the space or room the projector is going to be intended for as well as identify the throw distance - the distance in the projector installed on wall / ceiling to the location of the screen.

This throw distance is going to be associated with the throw ratio each manufacture identifies for a projector, meaning the length the projector must be from the screen to produce a certain size image.

[http://www.projectorsite.co.uk/index.php?p=catalog&parent=11&pg=1 home theater projector]

Step 3

The next consideration is going to be: Resolution and Brightness. For brightness, you will have to figure out how many lumen's your projector ought to be. This can vary from hundreds, to multiple thousands. For home theatre use brightness is not as essential as resolution. For resolution, you will need to match the resolution of your projector for your signal format you'll be displaying, if you intend to mainly focus on HDTV format a WXGA projector will be your least expensive selection.

Step four

Then chances are you will want a projector with a zoom lens. Basically, a contact lens amount of 1.4 would translate to 40%. You probably want a projector that has a decent sized zoom rate with a minimum of 50%. This makes things much easier when installing your projector and making the final adjustments. It also implies that you can place your projector closer to the screen in a small room.

Now that you understand what you are after better, make an effort to to shop around a little. Stick with well known companies, because these provide the highest quality projectors in the best prices and will also offer the best warranty deal. Take a look at major retail stores to visually compare projectors, or buy online to find the best deals.

Tips and Warnings

    Remember to allocate some cash inside your budget for a good screen.


    Investing in a good screen can enhance your viewing experience.


    Setting up a screen that can roll-up, really keeps things compact and your room isn't being absorbed an enormous TV that you need and army to move.


    Research the cost of a replacement lamp and find out what its life is in hours. Sometimes it can be totally frustrating to invest a few $ 100 on the replacement lamp. Obtain a warranty if you can.


    Having a projector means using a VERY mild humming sound because of the fan in the projector to cool the lamp. However low it is, figure out if you want it or not.