For ordinary men, with a objective to be at the exact same ring with the eight division world champion Manny Pacquiao of the Philippines and actually fight him is usually a tall order. But Bradley just isn't an ordinary man. He has set his objectives on fighting someone of Pacquiao's caliber years before. [http://pacquiaobradleylive.tumblr.com/ Pacquiao vs Bradley Live ]

"Like I stated, I want to fight all of the finest fighters at the world pound for pound. Whether it can be Manny Pacquiao or Marquez, Floyd Mayweather Jr., Amir Khan. Whoever!" Bradley was quoted as saying ahead of.

At 28 years old, Bradley is undefeated and currently holds the WBO Light Welterweight title. He is regarded as the preferred 140-pound fighter in the world and, true to his statement, has worked his strategy to earn the correct to fight Pacquiao. While regarded as a legitimate threat to Pacquiao, some would note, rather arguably, that he is just not particularly rapidly with his hands. Pacquiao's age meanwhile has not slowed down the punch at his age of 3

Bradley will havethreetothree fight inside that ring using his head. That is, he would need to have his thinking cap on all throughout the bout. He admits the Filipino champion is strong, has a great punch and is in excellent condition. So for this fight to at least go the stretch without Bradley being knocked out, he has to bank on his ring IQ. [http://pacquiaobradleylive.tumblr.com/ Pacquiao vs Bradley Live ]

His last two bouts were with southpaws, Casamayor and Alexander. He left the ring in each cases victorious and sustaining his 0 loss card. With the opposite stance of the 2 fighters, issues have been raised about Timothy "Desert Storm" Bradley's tendency to lead with the head.

Michael Koncz, a Pacquiao adviser, fears the Manny Pacquiao vs. Timothy Bradley fight may well acquire messy at the ring with a appropriate-hander just like Bradley and also a lefty Pacquiao. "My only issue is he comes in with his head and should you have a left-hander against a appropriate-hander head butts happen much more," Koncz explains throughout the latter component of negotiations for the game.

Pacquiao trainer Freddie Roach, though voicing the same concern, thinks he has this covered. "I believe he will come forward with his head first and so forth, even so I feel I have that covered with Manny," he stated confidently. [http://pacquiaobradleylive.tumblr.com/ Pacquiao vs Bradley Live ]

For Bradley to maintain the Pacman at bay, he would have to take Manny's astounding punches away from him. Some observers think that Pacquiao's fight against Juan Manuel Marquez is usually a template for neutralizing Pacman. A devastating left from the southpaw Pacquiao is usually prevented by stepping at the opposite direction and put Pacquiao searching for a greater position to land a punch.