10 Of The Surest Methods for getting Facebook Likes



Do you have a Facebook page and wanted to get Facebook loves to promote your business or manage your image? An important feature about having a page is anyone can use of it even if they are not members of Facebook. Having a Facebook page, you can easily get in touch and connect to your customers as well as your prospects. A Facebook page has so many benefits because it supplies a base camp for your business. Obviously, the best Facebook page might have lots of fans or "likes". If you want to jump-start your online presence and gain in followers, you are able to implement the next methods for getting Facebook likes:

1. First things first. The best way to alert your friends or network about your page would be to post a status update requesting your network to become listed on your Facebook page. Now don't just keep these things join without providing them with some juicy bits about what the page is all about and why they should join and connect to your page.

2. One of the ways to effectively get Facebook likes would be to give incentives to people. You are able to for instance give away discounts, exclusive videos and so forth to make it more compelling for people to click the "like" button.

3. Install a "Like Box" inside your website. You'd be amiss if you don't take advantage of this Facebook feature inside your website. The "like box"builder tool is customizable and could be efficient in allowing your site people to become a fan without leaving your website.

[http://community.babycenter.com/journal/davidsimms542/5298574/5_methods_for_getting_more_facebook_likes_and_fans free fb fans]

4. Tag your status. This cool feature in Facebook will help you to tag your page inside your status simply by entering the @ sign and also the name of the page or person you want to tag. This will elicit attention that will get Facebook loves to your page.

5. Another cool feature in your page is the "suggest to friends". This can be used feature to invite your network to go to your page and join. However, do that cautiously as you should not annoy people by bombarding them with frequent invitations.

6. If you want your page to blow up virally, you can link your Facebook page to twitter. This strategy allows all your posts be delivered to twitter having a link to your Facebook post. This is a good way to get Facebook likes from among your twitter followers.

7. A different way to stir excitement and create a buzz is to conduct a contest exclusively for fans. You are able to run the competition using wildfireapp. Just ensure to examine the Facebook "statement of right and responsibilities" before conducting one to avoid any inconveniences.

8. Blog about it! Aside from posting status updates regarding your page, you can also mention your Facebook page inside your blogs.

9. Another easy way to get Facebook likes is to put a link of your Facebook page on your profile by putting your page under employment. This can add prominence to your page because it is going to be shown beneath your name in your profile.

10. Put your Facebook page/link in your email signature and forum signature. For every time you send an e-mail or post a comment in a forum, additionally, you will be subtly promoting your page.

Implement the above mentioned 10 ways to get Facebook likes and you will definitely skyrocket your page popularity!