Which are the Types of Questions Asked in GAMSAT

After i arrived on the scene from my exam hall, I heard a lot of comments related to section 1. Candidates said with frustration, "I hated Section 1", "I were built with a anxiety attack when I saw the huge passages" etc. I agreed together. I had gone through the same challenge with section 1. And so i decided putting my efforts on finding more details how to face this. I would like to share the data and tips that I have collected relating to this critical section here.

GAMSAT has no structured study materials. Only the topics is going to be provided and also the questions will be asked to test out your intellectual property. The syllabus of section 1 have been mentioned as "Humanities and Social Science" however the questions will be asked from many general areas. The here are the fields where the questions will be asked.

[http://storify.com/harryreyes593/what-is-the-effective-way-of-get-yourself-ready-fo gamsat video]

Kinds of Questions

1. Non fiction texts
2. Fiction texts
3. Poetry
4. Proverbs / quotes
5. Cartoons
6. Diagrams / pictorial information
7. Tables / charts

You can score well by focusing on the above mentioned topics without any chaos. Candidates used to concentrate on every area randomly and struggle with the unknown questions. This is actually the major reason they could not continue the time frame. Always section 1 could be not having enough time but this list is needed you to definitely become more specific.

The beautiful area that consumes tremendous amount of your time is "Passage type of questions" in Section 1. There will be page long passages and also the MCQs would be asked based on the passages.

The frustration of the candidates could be transparent on their own forum comments about the page long passages. Generally, we would like to "listen" than "read". It is easy to remember what we should hear. Most of us are prepared to listen if a person tells the storyline than reading it personally. It might be the reason behind our frustration towards passages.

I would suggest you to only focus on the above areas and prepare for your exam well. You don't have of getting into all the areas all over the world. It consumes extended hours but provides no benefits most of the time.