Tucson Real Estate Statistics and Prediction



The real estate market of Tucson that still provides extensive improving ahead of it is the top end as referred to previously posts. It is going to have a long time for that demand to start to re- enter that market. A prediction, according to a real estate analyst is, watch for few more years for the entire housing market to be back in a well-balanced and healthy status. In year 2012, it would be a good year in Tucson and the start of a normal year across all parts and parts of Tucson real estate.

This coming winter will be a thrilling month for real estate in Tucson. The tax credits are completely tilting this time of year and that home values continues to go down. In Tucson, the rate of pending home sales reached 39.88 percent over November of 2008 which is no shock whatsoever because November 2008 was a very bad month for Tucson real estate on the whole. Even though the statistics for December 2009 has not emerge yet however it seems that the end result could be much higher than the previous year because that time the market was still being on hold because of the economic meltdown. The marketplace presently in the lower end is strong and to some degree is good though the foreclosure rate is still high.

[http://www.iamsport.org/pg/blog/madelinelewis015/read/8320357/your-guide-to-tucson-property Tucson Short Sales]

The quantity of active homes for sale increased to some extent as much as 7,158 units, leaving the greater Tucson region with 9.4 months of inventory last September. In August of the year, Tucson reaches 9.1. Always remember that the further that number gets, the more unsold inventory is looking at the marketplace that result force on home values. The balanced inventory levels are usually regarded as somewhere about 5 to 6 months.

The lowest values that have observed in the past few years are with the average home price of $190,631 having a median of $150,000. Last August, the average was $195,213 having a median of $155,000. It means that there is a little drop there. Generally, the typical single family home cost $199,990, the typical condominium is $82,361 and also the average town home markets in Tucson have been in oversupply. Based on present statistics, short sales and empty continue to be the majority of the market.