Some diamonds have helped account devastating civil wars in Africa, destroying the lives of millions. Conflict diamonds are really those sold in order to fund armed conflict as well as civil war. Income from the trade in conflict diamonds, value billions of dollars, were utilized by warlords and additionally rebels to purchase hands throughout the devastating wars in Angola, the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and additionally Sierra Leone. Wars which have price some sort of estimated 3.7 million lives.
While the wars in Angola and additionally Sierra Leone are now over, and additionally battling within the DRC has decreased, the problem of conflict diamonds hasn't gone away. Diamonds mined in rebel-held areas in Côte d'Ivoire, a West African country inside the midst of a volatile conflict, are really touching the international diamond marketplace.[http://no1l5tonf6zer.jigsy.com/contact blood diamonds] from Liberia are also being smuggled into neighboring countries and also exported in the legitimate diamond trade.
What's being done to prevent conflict diamonds? 
A significant milestone happened in 2003, whenever a government-run initiative recognized because the Kimberley Process had been introduced to stem the flow of conflict diamonds. The Kimberley Process Qualifications Strategy (KPCS) imposes needs on participants to certify which shipments of crude diamonds tend to be conflict-free. 
Blood Diamond [http://l1ein5bergerh6z.multiply.com/journal/item/2/All-About-African-Poverty helpful hints]
Amnesty International USA is pleased to announce its assistance of the film Blood Diamond, starring Leonardo DiCaprio and directed by Edward Zwick. Ready against the backdrop of the chaos and also civil war which enveloped 1990s Sierra Leone, it informs the story of 2 African guys whose fates become intertwined in a pursuit to recuperate an uncommon pink diamond that can transform their lives. Blood Diamond Curriculum Guide (PDF) 
Assist us survey diamond retailers
Despite its pledge to aid the Kimberley Process and also Clean Diamond Trade Act, the Diamond Business has fallen brief of applying the necessary policies for self-regulation. The shopping sector in specific fails to offer sufficient enough assurance to people that the diamonds they offer are conflict-free. That is why we want the help to get a hold of out exactly how procedures are now being conveyed at just the shop degree, and additionally what actions, if in case any sort of, tend to be being taken to guarantee that standards tend to be more than just rhetoric. At just the same time, you’ll be forwarding a strong message to the local jewelers that their role in diamond-fueled conflict should end