How To Quit Smoking - Stop Which makes it So Hard For Yourself



It may sound crazy that anyone would intentionally make stopping smoking any harder than necessary. But I can guarantee that if you'd like to learn a secret concerning how to stop smoking, then just stop which makes it so hard on your own.

Henry Ford once said, when you think you are able to or you think you cannot, then in either case you are right. Here in lies the issue. Many smokers think they can't, or think it will be very hard.

They are saying things like:

1. Cigarettes are my pal: Wow talk about a lousy friend.

2. I'll be lost without them: Nothing quite so comforting as lighting a toxic cigarette.

3. I need my cigarettes to consider: Nothing beats 4000 toxic chemicals flooding your brain to help cognition.

4. Cigarettes help me when I'm stressed. Nicotine causes an adrenal response, flooding the body with adrenalin and cortisol, nothing good about this.

5. Smoking helps me relax. Again the nicotine does no such thing. It's making time that is relaxing.

6. I like smoking after i eat. Just wait until your food tastes like food and never an ashtray.

7. I always smoke with alcohol. Have a look around, notice the non smokers do just fine, without smoking.

8. I put on pounds basically quit. Smokers are no less thin or fat than any other group in society. Smoking actually causes it to be hard for the liver to collapse fats properly.

[http://easyquitsmokingtips.com/ stop smoking]

In fact among the best bits of advice I can share with a smoker would be to just observe non smokers carrying out their day. Discover their whereabouts when they are relaxed, stressed, busy, thinking, bored, eating or drinking.

The non-smokers are managing all right without any assistance from cigarettes. Focussing on all of the reasons you think you need to smoke is just making it very difficult for you. You can't quit when you think you are so determined by smoking.

The first thing to do is to look at the list and merely think about it. Begin to realise that smoking doesn't make anything better. It doesn't help you to relax or thing, or drive better or hold a much better conversation on the telephone.

All it will is set you back a lot of money, cause you to smell like an ashtray, and strip away 14 many years of life on average. And i adore the slow painful lingering death.