Are you able to smoke Kratom

Kratom is really a tree unique to Southeast Parts of asia like Thailand, Malaysia, Myanmar (Burma) and Indonesia. Its has many names; Mitragyna speciosa, Kratom, Ithang, Kakuam and Thom. It is associated with the coffee tree (Rubiaceae). It's usually present in rainforests as well as in swamps. Kratom leaves happen to be employed for centuries in Asia. They are utilised like a stimulant and sedative (depending on the dose; low does = stimulant and high dose = sedative). They are also used like a recreational herb, a problem killer, diarrhea treatment and a treatment for opiate addiction.

Kratom is a large tree which grows to 12-15 feet tall, in some instances as tall as 40 to 100 feet. Its leaves are green and may be over 7 inches long and 4 inches wide. The flowers have been in yellow clusters. Kratom is definitely an evergreen and the leaves are always being replaced. Kratom thrives in humid, fertile soil, with near full exposure to the sun from strong winds. It is drought and frost sensitive.


Kratom has been suspended in many Parts of asia due to abuse. It is also regarded as addictive, but more scientific studies are required to determine this as true.

Kratom is divided into two sorts in line with the colors from the veins within the leaves; red or green/white. The green-veined variety is said to have a stronger effect, but many users in enjoy mixing them both. Many vendors sell either whole leaf, crushed leaf or powder. Kratom extracts are also extremely popular.

[http://www.livelogcity.com/users/lukewilson454/ kratom]

Kratom is a unique herb, when utilized in low to moderate dosages it acts as a stimulant; while higher doses act in a sedative manner. This is probably due to the active alkaloids which have both stimulant and sedative effects.

The stimulant level: At the stimulant level, the mind is more alert and focused, there is increased physical energy, and sometimes sexual energy is increased too. The consumer is generally more talkative.

The sedative-euphoric-analgesic level: At higher dosages, people report that they're less sensitive to pain having a calming sense of pleasure. Some reports say the consumer may enter a dreamy state of bliss. Further, people may experience some itching or sweating. It is possible one might feel nauseated, but relaxation usually over-rides it. Appreciation of music can also be reported. Lots of people report an optimistic 'afterglow' the next day.

Kratom has a long good reputation for use like a pain-killer and treatment for people hooked on various opiates. I personally have friends who were addicted to pain pills prescribed by their doctors. While Kratom doesn't give them the "high" these were used to, it did however enable them to overcome the sickness of withdrawal when they were trying to quit the prescribed opiates.

Kratom use may cause nausea and constipation. Some people are hypersensitive towards the alkaloids Kratom, and could experience severe vomiting if using stronger doses.