Kim Kardashian and Her Smoking Gun Numbers of Divorce - 599

How does someone get divorced after only seventy-two days of being married? It seems unbelievable, but is it? Can such an event be seen in someone's numbers? The answer is Yes. In a very simple way, Kim Kardashian's marriage was doomed before it could really begin, and this is visible in the 599 number pattern of her Lifetime Monthly Timeline.

The Lifetime Monthly Timeline (LMT) is one major thread of an individual's destiny revealed in their "numbers" based on the full birth name and birth date. The LMT is a function of the actual months a person is alive plus the Specific Expression-the sum of the specific letter values in the full birth name. The LMT has two parts: an Influence and an Outcome.

Kimberly Noel Kardashian was born on 21 October 1980 (Wikipedia). Given this simple birth data, we can compute her Lifetime Monthly Timeline which reveals a major key to her romantic life and its issues.

The Influence aspect of Kardashian's LMT is revealed in the number of months she has been alive. This LMT Influence is calculated by simply multiplying her age, 31, times 12 (months in a year) equaling 372-the actual number of months she has lived up to her 31st birthday. She filed for divorce on 31 October 2011 (Halloween), just ten days after turning 31. The number 372 indicates marriage (3) undergoing concern and examination (7) in relationship (2). Together, these numbers equal a 3 in reduction (3 + 7 + 2 = 12; 1 + 2 = 3). Here again is the influence of the 3 of marriage.

[http://www.allcelebritygossip.com/ray-j-tape/ check these guys out]

The Outcome of her 372 Influence is generated by adding her 227 Specific Expression to it. This 227 is the sum of the specific letter values of her full birth name, Kimberly Noel Kardashian. For example, the letter "K" is the eleventh letter of the alphabet and has a specific value of 11. "A" has a specific value of 1 because it is the first letter of the alphabet. "Z" has a specific value of 26 because it is the twenty-sixth letter of the alphabet and so forth. Therefore, when each of the specific letter values of her birth name is added together, a 227 is the result, a numeric pattern indicating Yin (feminine) energy, others and relationship (the two 2s) focusing on reflection, seclusion, thought, analysis and introspection (7).

When Kardashian's Influence number of 372 is added to her Specific Expression of 227, it creates a sum of 599, a cipher set showing changes (5) and massive endings (99). When the numbers of this 599 pattern are added together and reduced, the result is a 5 revealing an outcome of more change (5 + 9 + 9 = 23; 2 + 3 = 5). When written as a whole, this pattern is 599-5. The two 5s serve as bookends of change for the powerful 99 energies of endings-the reality of her life when she decided to divorce.

For simple clarity, the single ciphers (crowns) of the number patterns 372 and 599 can be used to form a 3/5 IR Set (Influence/Reality or Outcome). The number 3 represents marriage, well-being, health and beauty and the 5 indicates change. By itself, the 5 doesn't signify endings necessarily. It is the powerful double 9s creating the 99 that signify endings and conclusions.

Summary

Life and destiny are visible in the numbers of our birth name and birth date. The numeric pattern 599, representing change, detachment and freedom (5) playing itself out in an energy field of endings and conclusions (99) reveals, in part, the divorce of Kim Kardashian. Other factors in her chart are also germane, but this 599 outcome pattern is, arguably, the smoking gun manifesting the cutting of her nuptial knot after only seventy-two days of marriage. ~ finis