Briana Bany was created on May 21, 1980 in Munich, Germany to a German father as well as an Italian-American mother. Her birth name is  Briana Bany. They moved to Britain when she was four years old, and to the La suburb of Simi Valley in California, United States when she was seven years old. Her father still lives in Germany. She moved from her mother's house when she was 16 years of age, taking her 14 years old sister with her. She got custody of her sister when she turned 18. She modeled as a teenager, including a cover of teenybopper magazine. She held many other jobs before entering the adult industry; making pizza, clerk at an crafts and arts store, file clerk, and secretary.
Career

[http://araucode.cl/wiki/index.php?title=User:HoppGrillo754 cool training]

In 1999, she responded to an advertisement in the newspaper to complete nude modeling for adult magazines. The photographer put her in a pornographic film. Her first film was University Co-eds 18, for Dane Productions, in which she performed opposite Brandon Iron. She entered the as "Mirage", but began calling herself "Briana Banks" in 2000, after you have the very first of two breast enhancement operations. Having had aspirations to be a supermodel, she find the professional surname "Banks" after model Tyra Banks. She was Penthouse magazine's Pet of the Month in June 2001. The same year, she signed with Vivid Entertainment. Among her first movies for this studio continues to be one of her most widely used even today, Briana Loves Jenna. Working for Vivid Entertainment Briana Banks appeared in such films as Aftermath, Bankable and Briana Loves Rocco. She is one of the most popular porn stars now in the industry. Some sources say Briana Banks is the #3 most popular porn star with Jenna Jameson first and Tera Patrick second but some don't include Jenna Jameson in the list because she has officially retired and sold off her brand to Playboy ... making Briana Banks #2. Some base their email list of porn star popularity soley on Internet searches, and according to that alone, in January of 2007 Briana Banks and Tera Patrick are neck and neck. For many of 2007 and early into 2008 Briana is on what is called a reduced work schedule but that doesn't mean she's slacking by any means.  At the 2008 AVN Awards which was held on January 12, 2008 in Las Vegas Briana Banks was handed the award for best actress inside a film on her work in the movie Layout. In January of 2008 Briana Banks did an interview for online magazine which asserted she was moved back to LA is has returned to work full-time. "I missed everyone. I missed Vivid Entertainment. I'm so glad to be back together. They are a great company. I've been together for so long, I can’t imagine being with anyone else." When asked where she'd been during the last two years she said "Pittsburgh. I'm very happy to return in LA. I think I needed to leave and clear my head and obtain everything back together. I actually missed porn. I didn’t realize how much I missed it until I came back."  Briana Banks would be a contributing author within the 2004 book How you can Possess a XXX Love life: The Ultimate Vivid Guide, in which she and other Vivid Entertainment contract stars give advice and tips about sex, in addition to relate anecdotes from their personal sex lives. On October 13, 2006, Banks reportedly filed a federal lawsuit seeking more than US$75,000 in damages against Doc Johnson Enterprises charging that they had created unauthorized products from molds of her genitals.