Textured Wall Coating For Concrete Walls Transforms The Ugly In to the Beautiful



For those who have an ugly concrete wall and also you want to make it seem like something out of House Beautiful, you may have to think about going for textured wall coating. They are paint which have been specifically designed for concrete walls. These are labeled "concrete paint" or "mortar paint." These are typically water based as well and do not have the associated toxic fumes as those found in oil based acrylic paints which are created for metal and wood surfaces.

These textured wall coatings are a very good way to not only protect the wall and people residing in the house, but they are even the excellent way to add the fab into a normally boring wall. Actually, nowadays there are concrete paints that when applied, dries into different colors that are like the look of the textured wall paper.

These water paints are extremely safe and simple to use, they're water based in the end. In fact, all that is needed to wash out the roller brush would be to wash it in flowing water, not the turpentine or paint thinners for the acrylic paint which are very malodorous and may be a health hazard. In fact, many discover that simply by adding water in to the paint, they can already dilute it making it simpler to apply.

[http://www.foodbuzz.com/blogs/6256979-do-it-yourself-interior-ceiling-and-wall-textures Installing sheetrock]

The textured paint can also help protect the wall from the elements, especially the rain. Water based it might be, but they are the best protectors against the rain and the sun. these paints are made with additives which will guarantee this. Forms of highly resistant to algae and fungal growth. Actually, many basement walls produced from concrete would advantage from the paint because these can resist the growth of black fungus, a very toxic plant that releases spores and cause health problems.

When you have cracked walls, there is no need to despair. All it needs is the concrete textured wall coating that's thick enough it can cover the defects effectively. For that bigger cracks, all it needs is a touch bit of fixing and 2 coats of paint. This will not only give a freshness towards the look of an otherwise gray and boring rough wall, but it will even make life healthier and brighter for everybody in your home. With so many colors and textures to choose from, there is no way to miss on a fantastic choice of paint.