Montana Property - Big Sky Country



Montana is known as Big Sky Country for that wide-open spaces you can find there. Fortunately, Montana real estate is relatively cheap enough to really make it a great relocation spot.

Montana

Montana has probably the most beautiful scenery in the usa. With towering mountain ranges, wide-open prairies and absolutely stunning nature, the state truly fits the "big sky" moniker. Using the Rocky Mountains and Glacier National Park, the state is world wide attraction for outdoor enthusiasts looking to hike, mountain climb, camp, fish, ski and just escape from it all. If you're tired of living in neighborhood in which the homes are two feet from each other, Montana provides a respite.

Billings

A railroad town, Billings is considered a large city in Montana. Sitting below 400 foot sandstone cliffs, the large town is tucked into a prairie area and offers a great base camp for the rest of the state. The climate within the town is definitely one having a country and western theme. The downtown area has seen redevelopment efforts, however the town still retains a tough working railroad influence. A good place to raise a family, however, you can do better in Montana.

[http://www.madville.com/blogs/380768_find_the_best_montana_property big sky montana real estate]

Bozeman

Bozeman is a slice of heaven located roughly 90 miles from Yellowstone. Occur the end of a lush valley, the city includes a picket fence feel and it is encompassed by stunning mountain ranges peaked with snow throughout every season. If you like to get out and explore nature, the town is located with a of the greatest hiking and fishing in the united states. Although things aren't unmanageable yet, Bozeman has turned into a bit of a hot spot for celebrities. It is nothing like Aspen, Colorado, but buyer beware.

Montana Property

Montana real estates costs are surprisingly reasonable given the spectacular scenery in the state. Obviously, cold winters turn away many people, however the scenery is a feast for the eyes even just in winter. Anyway, just one home in Billings will cost $145,000 on average while the same home in Bozeman will run in the $280,000 range.

The appreciation rate for Montana real estate would be a robust 12.Five percent for 2005. Put another way, the secret seems to be getting out.