= Overview =

Nuxwdog is a watchdog daemon that can be used to start, stop, monitor and reconfigure server programs.
It is based on the uxwdog code that is used to start the Netscape Enterprise Server (NES).

Nuxwdog is used in Red Hat Certificate System 8 to start all of the Java-based and C/C++ based servers.
These servers require passwords to access security databases in order to start, but there was a requirement that
no unencrypted password files be stored on the system. In this case, nuxwdog is used to prompt the user for the
relevant passwords during server startup. These passwords are then cached by the nuxwdog, so that nuxwdog can
restart the server without human intervention. This is particularly important for automatically restarting the server
in case of a server crash.

More details on how nuxwdog works and how to configure it can be found in this [[Nuxwdog/HOWTO]]

If you would like to contribute to the nuxwdog, a good place to start would be our [[Nuxwdog/Contributions]] page.

If you want to file a bug or enhancement request, please log in with your Fedora Account System credentials.
If you do not have a Fedora Account, you can register for one at ​https://admin.fedoraproject.org/accounts/

= Installation =

 $ dnf install nuxwdog

= Configuration =

== Enabling Nuwxdog ==

See [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Enabling-Nuxwdog Enabling Nuxwdog].

== Disabling Nuxwdog ==

See [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Disabling-Nuxwdog Disabling Nuxwdog].

== Manual Configuration ==

See [[Nuxwdog Manual Configuration]].

= Usage =

To starting nuxwdog-enabled instance:

 $ systemctl start pki-tomcatd-nuxwdog@<font color="red">pki-tomcat</font>.service

To stopping nuxwdog-enabled instance:

 $ systemctl stop pki-tomcatd-nuxwdog@<font color="red">pki-tomcat</font>.service

= References =

* [https://pagure.io/nuxwdog nuxwdog]
* [https://linux.die.net/man/1/nuxwdog nuxwdog(1)]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Systemd Systemd]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/tomcat/wiki/User-Guide Tomcat User Guide]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/blob/master/docs/admin/Nuxwdog.md PKI Nuxwdog]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/PKI-Server-Nuxwdog-CLI PKI Server Nuxwdog CLI]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/PKI-Server-Instance-Nuxwdog-CLI PKI Server Instance Nuxwdog CLI]
* [[Keyring]]