How can Zeekler and ZeekRewards Make Money



If you're a skeptic much like me you might be wondering how do Zeekler and ZeekRewards makes anything? In this article I'll show you how the company makes money and why they're willing to share their profits with you to make it a WIN-WIN situation for everyone.

Hint: Penny Auctions are great money spinners and Zeekler wants to become the best and the most popular Penny Auction Site on the internet! To do this they require entrepreneurs like you and me to promote their business model.

So how exactly does Zeekler and ZeekRewards make money? The organization has four streams of greenbacks:

    Selling of items around the auction website including penny auctions.
    Affiliate membership fees.
    Selling/using of Bid Packs.
    FSC Stores.

(1) They offer stuff (items!) and the buyers purchase that. Please read below why penny auctions are profitable.

(2) Another obvious source of income. Upgraded members pay a monthly fee.

[http://www.tested.com/profile/elijahjackson343/blogs/155971/ 500 free zeekler penny auction bids]

(3) That one might look obvious but there's a bit more into it than just selling Bid Packs.

(4) FSCStores have been around for a long time with millions of members around the world and therefore are on offer to ZeeklerRewards members as additional benefit. Although I do not have the financial statements Penny Auctions are certainly the largest income source.

Exactly what is a Penny Auction? On traditional auction sites like eBay you can put bids free of charge. However penny auctions are not free to become bid on. For every bid you set, you have to pay a certain amount of money. Also, you cannot place any bid amount that you would like. You can only place an offer that will increase the price of the product by 1 cent typically (in some cases, it may be 2 cents as well). Penny auction websites make money is as simple as selling the person bids. The price of each penny bids varies with respect to the penny auction. At zeekler.com the bids may cost from 65 cents to $1.0. If your bid is not successful you lose the bid money. If however successful you can purchase an item well below its market price at time more than 90% discount.

How can Penny Auction sites earn money? To discover how penny auctions can provide away such deals just like a camera for $10 or Macbook for $50, let's do a small math problem: Suppose in an auction in which the Macbook was given away for $50, which is not typical only one from the lowest prices of the Macbook. You may think that is a good deal, but let's consider the auction in greater detail. For the Macbook to market at $50, there would happen to be 5000 bids because each bid increases the price by 1 cent. When 5000 bids are placed, it cost you a total of 5000X$0.60 = $3000. The typical price of the product might be around $1000, to ensure that continues to be a cool $2000 profit for that penny auction site. Therefore the site still makes money even by giving away Macbooks for $50! Often a Macbook auction might increase.

IMPORTANT: to keep your bids at Zeekler.com for $0.65 per bid but you will NOT want to achieve that! If you buy the a little more expensive bids at ZeekRewards.com you receive an equal amount to your purchase deposited within the retail profit sharing pool in which you begin to make incredible amount on money each and every day since the clients are prepared to share 5% of their profit along with you. And as you realize by now which will earn you back a profit of 0.5% to 2.0% each day around the amount os VIP bids you have purchased.

Why Zeekler and ZeekRewards pay their affiliates Zeekler wants to get to be the most widely used and number 1 Penny Auction on the internet within the shortest period of time. Basically this can be a product driven company with revenue sharing. The philosophy is straightforward; instead of spending truck loads of cash on advertising / Google rankings and more, they reward their affiliates, that is us, for advertising and spreading the word. Whatever you are required to do to qualify for your share in the daily revenue is placing 1 ad each day. They even give you the ads and places to post. That's under A few minutes work each day. And wait till the thing is the rewards! Obviously they want to expand and reach as numerous online users as you possibly can. Therefore they need you to definitely share their great opportunity with others. So as well as the revenue sharing you receive to promote additionally they reward you for sponsoring others. That is optional of course but when you're doing so could boost your income enormously!