Tips Before you purchase Old Domains

Are interested old domains? Well, my pal before doing so allow me to give you some knowledge about what domains are, procedures to purchase old domains and where to buy from.

A website may be the name you type to your browser to get at a particular website. The general type of a website may look more like this This can be divided into three parts:

The represent the hosting from the website and it is generally optional, but is preferred to add before "name".

The "name", along with the final part is the host name. The domain can be up to 63 characters long, which have to incorporate at least 1 letter.

The ".com" is a type of domain extension, which you can choose. This is a must, because it works well for identifying an internet site. Other extensions like ".org", ".net", ".co. in" are also used.

Before you buy an old domain, it is also extremely important to analyse and look at it thoroughly.

[http://thepeeq.com/home/article/60106/Old-Domains short domain names]

Look into the Good reputation for The Domain: It is very vital that you check the presence associated with a illegal, unfamiliar contents within the domain. Any linkup from the domain with inappropriate site will act as an adverse process in enhancing your domain names search performance and traffic gatherings. To determine the domains history, we have a website where one can go and appearance about it.

Check The Page ranking By Google: Various developers insert fake pr for their websites. To avoid being fooled by them, you need to check the proper google page rank system by Google. To check, you are able to install the Google toolbar or you can simply search in the search engines through the detailed domain name. If some name other than yours appear, you'll be assured from the domain being a fake one.

Checking For Proper Keywords: Keywords would be the crucial part in search engine optimization (SEO). If you find a classic domain contains certain keywords which may be useful or right for your domain, then it's a better option to purchase it.

[http://www.yapperz.com/josiahjames556/blog/short-domain-names/ Old Domains]

Checking The recognition: This is an added advantage should you check the traffic report on the website. This will help in identifying interest in the website. Google Analytics is really a tool that can help you in identifying this problem.

Checking For DMOZ Listing: It's very useful if a domain is enlisted in DMOZ as Google provides it with an additional priority.