Los Angeles Homes - Cold Weather is the greatest Time for you to Buy



Have you ever heard it said that you may get a better home deal if you buy before the summer months? According to La MLS data, this appears to be true.

Okay, you might disagree because you say it certainly is warm in Los Angeles. I personally disagree, I'm all incorporated right now in my cold office complaining that my heater isn't doing it's job. It's only 55 degrees and I'm still freezing to visit out. I recognize that's ridiculous, all of those other country is a lot more miserable and cold than I'm, but that is how a spoiled Los Angeles resident much like me feels. That's also the general public Los Angeles consensus, and i'm going to show you some interesting data regarding this.

In November of 2008, the Median Sold Price for LA county MLS properties was approximately $388,000. In December the median price transpired to about $380,000. Here's the real interesting part. From January to April of 2009 it bounced between approximately $340,000 and $355,000. That's a $48,000 price decrease from November. Full warm weather statistics begin in May because the price increased to $375,000 with a peak of around $380,000 in June. It started heading down once more in September once the kids returned to school, with a Median Sold Price of $360,00 after which in November the cost as much as $377,000. The main reason the median price didn't come up to $388,000 as it was in November of 2008 is due to the median price declining 3% within the year. For that 2008-2009 period of time, it appears that the months of January through April showed significant price decreases.

[http://www.sunsetstriprealty.com/HomesAuthenticated.aspx?tabid=2410861 LOS ANGELES REAL ESTATE]

There are many contributing factors to those prices, for example government programs, foreclosures, the economy and inventory levels. As a general rule though, ask any seasoned Los Angeles property investor and they'll attest to this cold weather theory. Investors don't like this bit of good sense known, as they will be offering their secrets. Think of it yourself, would you rather go shopping in cold weather or warm?

Years back we were looking for bargains on golf course homes. I was looking all day long at a large community of new golf course homes, and quite simply I needed to stop because it was cold and rainy. My hubby inquired about to please carry on, because this was the optimum time to locate that great deal. In summary, within 2 hours we'd bought several brand new course homes in an incredible price. One house had just fallen out of escrow the hour we showed up and the other of the houses was available but for some reason we had to pry the information from the agent. We were at the right place in the right time. My husband went the next morning to accomplish the start-up paperwork on these two homes. It had been a sunny and bright morning with a number of house buyers swarming the office to ascertain if my husband would actually appear. They were told if he didn't show up they could buy one from the homes on their own. We often laugh about what happened on that cold and day you need it and will always remember just how much fun it had been to find those two great real estate deals.

If serious investors realize the best deals can be had within the colder months, don't you think maybe you should consider buying when everybody is not? It's correct there might not be as many La homes to select from in the colder season, but there is still a high probability to locate that perfect home at that perfect discounted. When the warm months arrive, the marketplace becomes overly competitive with anxious buyers in the busy property season. Home deals aren't found as quickly, and you will have to contend with those other 20 buyers making offers on the homes that everyone and their brother likes.

So the next time it's cold and rainy and you really do not feel like going outdoors and battling the sun and rain, maybe tell yourself "Hey, this is the best time for you to find the house and save A LOT of money. Let's go!"