What's Forex? A Quick Guide In to the Realm of Currencies



Why don't we get started! What's Forex?

Forex is an acronym for FOReign EXchange. The foreign currency is a currency market where currencies are traded. It represents the largest financial market in the world with daily trading volume exceeding $4 trillion. Just to compare, other real estate markets for example equities at $50 billion daily trading volume, and the futures market at $30 billion in daily volume you can begin to realize the size of your pet and more importantly the infinite trading opportunities that lie before you decide to!

The Forex market is really a 24 hour market running from Monday morning in Tokyo to Friday evening in New York - non-stop action across the globe! This can be different vastly in the other financial markets (like stock markets and commodities exchanges) which open at the beginning of and close after their trading day. They're directly associated with the time zone that they're by which makes them more difficult to trade. So for instance, for somebody residing in Australia, when they desired to trade the US stock market they would need to be up all night to do this due to the time difference. You will have no such problems in Forex! You can trade anytime, at your convenience. Obviously, the best times to trade are when the biggest investing arenas are open - that is the US and European markets - because the biggest players are out to play and liquidity is at its highest.

[http://www.11alive.com/life/community/persona.aspx?U=eebd929837bf4c36b74d8adae3541344&plckPersonaPage=BlogViewPost&plckUserId=eebd929837bf4c36b74d8adae3541344&plckPostId=Blog about forex trading]

The players that come into this market vary significantly, its possibly the only marketplace and you'll discover traders with $500 accounts trading against big players (and winning!) such as hedge funds, large banks, corporations and governments!

So I get what Forex is, but explain Forex Trading!

Essentially, Forex currency trading means exchanging once currency with another, for any period of time, for any profit. Within this business (yes it's a business) you're basically speculating that, for a number of reasons, you anticipate that the currency goes down or up in relation to another currency and you're prepared to bet some your capital to learn from that idea. For example, you may expect the Euro to increase against the US Dollar, which means you buy Euro's then sell $ $ $ $. When the Euro actually goes up, you can sell the Euro's, buy $ $ $ $ and take your profit.

Fundamental economic news and political situations play a huge role within the fluctuation in worth of a currency for any given country. I will be starting much more detail about this in the Fundamental vs Technical trading article which you'll be posting in this series!