== femme maillot de bain 1081 / 2700 Daily Life 日常生活 ==

Please use quick navigation after logging in. ,[http://www.bigskyhorseresource.com/birkenstock-moins-cher-sports-news-and-more-chinadailycomcn chaussures birkenstock Organizations],[http://maillotsdesbainsoldes.com/ maillot de bains]<br>No account?register News 新闻讨论 <p>Moderator: voice_cd</p> 1081 / 2700 Daily Life 日常生活 <p>Moderator: voice_cd</p> 1462 / 10617 <p>Archiver| &nbsp;&nbsp;</p> <p> GMT +8,[http://bikinisdespascher.com/ maillot bandeau], 2012-7-11 10:12 </p> <p>Contact Us : </p> <p>Office number : 86-10-84883534 ,[http://maillotsdesbainsoldes.com/ Bikini brésilien],[http://www.belfastlinux.org/wiki/User:Qicui7440#maillots_de_bain_femmes_police_said_on_Tuesday. maillots de bain femmes  police said on Tuesday.], 86-10-84883548 &nbsp; Email: chinaforum@chinadaily.com.cn</p>

== bikini pas cher Meanwhile ==

New thinking in Sino-US strategic ties<br> Updated: 2012-02-13 08:10 By Wang Jisi, Qian Yingyi, Wang Min, Jia Qingguo, and Bai Chongen (China Daily) 2012-02-13 08:10:08.0Wang Jisi, Qian Yingyi, Wang Min, Jia Qingguo, and Bai ChongenNew thinking in Sino-US strategic ties <br>Sino-US strategic ties, China, US, Xi Jinping, security, thinking11011501Op-Ed Contributors2@webnews/enpproperty--> <p>Exactly forty years ago, under the circumstances of virtually no economic, social and cultural exchanges, China and the United States, out of respective security needs, embarked on the process of normalization of their bilateral relations. Today, the China-US relationship has grown into the most complex bilateral international relationship in world history. Standing on the global strategic height and at the new point of departure of the history of mankind, we should reassess the nature and future of the China-US relationship, and try to usher in new thinking in international politics. </p>
<p>I. The Rising Prominence of and Severe Tests Facing China-US Relations </p>
<p>After entering the 21st century, especially since the 2008 international financial crisis, the world situation has become increasingly complicated and in flux. Against such a background, two prominent features stand out in today's China-US relations. First, China, after having successfully dealt with the crisis and with continuous expansion of its economy, has promptly come to the center stage of international politics and global governance. Second, the global financial crisis has taken heavy tolls on the economies and financial systems of the United States and the European Union. While the recovery of the Western economies is going to be a tortuous and slow progress, it has been further overshadowed by the ongoing Euro crisis. Under such circumstances, the United States intends to strengthen cooperation with China to overcome its difficulties, and expects China to assume a greater share of "international responsibility." Meanwhile, China is willing to make greater contributions to the restoration of global financial stability and the recovery of global economy with the aim of assuaging the wariness and concerns of the United States and other parts of the world about China's growing power. Now the total size of the Chinese and American economies and the total foreign trade volume of the two countries have amounted to one-third and one -fifth of those of the whole world, respectively. Consequently, the internal development and external strategy of China and the United States, as well as their bilateral relations, have an increasingly important impact on international politics and world economy. Both Chinese and American leaders are of the view that the China-US relationship has become "the most important bilateral relationship in the world." </p>
<p>Meanwhile, the China-US strategic relationship has encountered more stern challenges. Since the end of the Cold War, China-US relations have witnessed ups and downs. After the "9/11" terrorist attacks, counter-terrorism became the top priority of US global strategy,[http://maillotsdesbainsoldes.com/ maillot bandeau], whereas China seized the important period of strategic opportunity and focused on pursuing internal development. Consequently, the China-US bilateral relationship could be characterized as one of "complex interdependence," and a basically stable strategic pattern has been maintained for about a decade. After entering the second decade of the 21st century, the power gap between China and the United States has narrowed considerably and the "structural contradiction" between the two risen. Certain conflict of interests between the two countries in the economic, political and international security arenas tends to gradually grow and escalate, causing both sides to be more vigilant against each other and adding to their mutual suspicions. In particular, the United States recently has, in a high-profile manner, announced its "return to Asia", further strengthened military deployments targeting China, and embarked on the enlargement of the "Trans-Pacific Partnership" (TPP). Some American political figures regard China's rise as the severest external challenge to the United States, and allege that China's refusal to cooperate with the United States on certain international issues is intended to weaken US "global leadership." Those trends have evoked strong repercussions among the Chinese public and political elites, and have caused many to believe that the long-term US strategic intention is to contain China and prevent China from becoming powerful, and that therefore China should take tough counter-measures against the United States internationally. The personages of two countries who wish to strengthen China-U.S. cooperation are gravely concerned that China-US strategic mutual trust has reached a new low. </p>
<p>II. The Main Manifestation of and Deep-rooted Factors for the Absence of China-US Strategic Trust </p>
<p>President Hu Jintao points out, "China and the United States should become cooperative partners that respect and trust each other and should persistently enhance strategic mutual trust." We hold the view that strategic mutual trust in bilateral relations and on the international scene means that both sides deeply understand each other's strategic intention and have a positive expectation of the other side's stances and behavior in areas concerning their respective core interests. To build strategic mutual trust does not mean denial of the objective existence of conflict of interests or ideational differences. Rather, it is, upon the recognition that "common interests are greater than differences", to endeavor to reduce the impact of the conflict of interests and ideational differences on bilateral relations, and to forge the pattern of long-term beneficial interactions. Judging from the present situation of China-US relations, the strategic mutual trust between the two sides still lags far behind the common interests they actually share. </p>
<p>The main manifestation of and deep-rooted causes of the absence of China-US strategic mutual trust are as follows:</p>
<p>Inadequate sincere communication and failure of carrying out some consensuses</p>
<p>In January 2011, President Hu Jintao made a successful visit to the United States when the two sides reached new strategic consensuses of far-reaching significance. At present, the two countries have established many effective dialogue mechanisms at various levels and in various issue areas,[http://maillotsdesbainsoldes.com/ bikini pas cher], notably the highest-level "China-US Strategic and Economic Dialogue". However, some dialogues might have become a mere formality or highly scripted event in which the two sides merely stick to talking points or utter rhetoric. Consequently, there is disconnection between the consensuses reached and real policies or actions that follow. Commenting on the effects of some of the dialogues, former CEO of the American International Group (AIG) Maurice R. Greenberg has recently written in The Wall Street Journal, saying, "I have taken part in a number of dialogues over the years between Chinese economists and trade officials and similarly placed economists and officials on the US side. Every time the results are the same. Each side states its problems and concerns and reports the other side's problems and concerns back to their respective governments. Although the proceedings are cordial, unfortunately nothing is resolved and the frictions that hamper development of a better relationship persist." Many people in both China and the United States share Mr. Greenberg's feeling. Currently, the main problem is not that the number of dialogues is inadequate, or that the scope of the dialogues isn't broad enough, or that the level of dialogues isn't sufficiently high. Rather, the problem is that some of the dialogues have failed to strike home or resolve real problems. </p>
<p>Politicization of economic frictions weakens the basis of strategic mutual trust</p>
<p>Economic and trade relations have for decades served as the "ballast" of China-US relations. However, as the economic and trade frictions between China and the United States grow and are increasingly politicized, the weight of the "ballast" of China-US relations is continuously decreasing and, it may sometimes even become a stumbling stone to strategic mutual trust. The United States has on many occasions threatened to name China as a "currency manipulator" and impose sanctions, continuously imposed restrictions on high-tech exports to China, and set up political barriers to prevent Chinese firms from investing in the United States. As the 2012 US presidential election unfolds, many American politicians, out of their political motivations, have jumped on the wagon of "scapegoating" and blaming US economic woes on China. Those actions will bring all harm and no benefit to strategic mutual trust. </p>
<p>Changes in relative power between China and the United States</p>
<p>Since the 2008 global financial crisis, the power gap between China and the United States has narrowed. The change in the relative power between China and the United States has led to subtle and yet significant psychological changes on two sides. As a result, worries and anxieties on both sides are on the rise. Specifically, there are concerns and worries in many quarters of the United States about the possibility of the rising power of China threatening US preeminence and the "China Model" posing challenges to the "American Model". Meanwhile, the Chinese government remains highly vigilant against America's "export of democracy" and "human rights diplomacy". Moreover, the Chinese political elites are frustrated at the appearance that China's security environment does not seem to have improved as China's power position rises, and are anxious and worried that the United States has been intensifying strategic encirclement along China's periphery. Despite the reassurances by top leaders of both countries that their strategic intentions are not intended to do harm to the other side, it has proven to be difficult, if not impossible, to remove the mutual suspicions and anxieties that have been internalized in both societies.</p>
<p>III. Abandoning Outmoded Thinking and Steering Clear of Obstacles to Establishing China-US Strategic Mutual Trust </p>
<p>If we do not make great efforts to abandon outdated ideas as quickly as possible and to redress the misunderstandings and prejudices, the cornerstone for stabilizing China-US relations will be severely eroded and even shaken. </p>
<p>Abandoning zero-sum thinking </p>
<p>The biggest peril of zero-sum thinking is that it is a "self-fulfilling prophecy" in nature. Some would argue that in modern world history there has not yet been a precedent of peaceful co-existence between a rapidly rising great power and a dominant power seeking to preserve hegemony. However, we believe that historical precedents are set by the people and their countries. The China-US relationship can and must set a precedent for avoiding rivalry for hegemony and for long-term cooperation. To do otherwise will hurt the fundamental interests of the peoples of the two countries and the world at large. As US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton points out, "China represents one of the most challenging and consequential bilateral relationships that the United States has ever had to manage," adding, "(a)t the end of the day, there is no handbook for the evolving China-US relationship. But the stakes are much too high for us to fail." US Vice President Joe Biden also wrote last August in The New York Times that "a successful China can make our country more prosperous, not less". Likewise,[http://bikinisdespascher.com/ maillot de bain une pièce], US economic recovery and prosperity, as well as the positive, inclusive elements in US domestic and foreign policies are also beneficial to the development of China. </p>
<p>Abandoning cold war mentality</p>
<p>The features of the Cold War mentality are to make political systems and ideological beliefs predetermine the closeness of state-to-state relations, form rivaling military and political alliances, and forge two antagonistic international camps. Some would argue that two countries with distinct political systems and ideologies are bound to head down the irreversible path of confrontation and rivalry. The matter of fact, however, is that forty years of history since the embarking on of the normalization of the China-US relationship has proven that the differences in political and value systems didn't prevent the two countries from moving closer to each other, nor did they stop the expansion of exchanges and cooperation between the two sides. On the one hand, the political differences and diverging values between the two countries will exist for a long time and at times the two sides might even run into fierce debates. On the other hand, the society, culture and domestic politics of the two countries are constantly changing and influencing each other. Little, if any, shadow of the Cold War can be found in today's exchanges between young students from the two countries. Internationally, virtually no country would be willing to get itself involved in the strategic confrontation that might occur between China and the United States; the era of forming two antagonistic ideological and military camps is forever gone. Therefore, a new Cold War between China and the United States is something that can be avoided. </p>
<p>Abandoning arrogance and parochial thinking </p>
<p>Both Chinese and Americans are great peoples in the world, with many merits and good qualities, and together the two peoples have made outstanding contributions to the civilization of mankind. The United States of America, after gaining independence, had quickly joined the ranks of the world's major powers, and in the past sixty plus years, has kept its position as a "superpower." Therefore there must be something praiseworthy in the US experiences of administrating a country. In the past several decades, China has rapidly changed the face of poverty and backwardness, and has in the history of mankind made achievements that have attracted worldwide attention. Therefore there must be undeniable characteristics and advantages in China's political, economic, cultural and value systems. The growth experiences of China and the United States show that both countries have chosen a path of development that suits their own national conditions. Looking into the future,[http://bikinisdespascher.com/ brésilien Bikini], the national power of China and the United States will continue to grow together, the living standards of both peoples will improve continuously, and expanding mutual cooperation will be beneficial to both countries' development. Therefore, both sides should look at each other with a modest rather than arrogant attitude, much less to gloat and jeer at or take pleasure in the other side's domestic difficulties and shortcomings. We shall also acknowledge that there is a tendency in both countries to have insufficient global vision and to overly rely upon their own experiences when dealing with international affairs. Therefore, in dealing with bilateral and international affairs, China and the United States should enhance consultation and coordination, learn from each other's experiences and angle of view, respect the other side's attitudes and stances, and abandon parochial thinking. </p>
<p>IV. Building China-US Strategic Relations with Creative Thinking </p>
<p>Vice President Xi Jinping, in his meeting with former US Secretary of Treasury Henry Paulson last December, pointed out that "history has proven that China-US relations are mutually beneficial and win-win in nature and the common interest and need for cooperation between the two countries far outgrow their differences". Such a statement is a reflection of the creative thinking on the Chinese side regarding China-US relations. Indeed, there are controversial and seemingly irresolvable difficult problems in certain areas of the bilateral relationship, and the two countries hold vastly different positions on certain international security issues. But by applying such a new mode of thinking, one may find that these problems and differences cannot fundamentally hinder the exchanges and cooperation between the two countries on global finance, trade, energy, climate change, public health, and regional hot spot issues, nor can the problems and differences reverse the long-term trend of the continuous expansion of social interactions between the two countries and of drawing on each other's merits in fields such as education, culture, and science and technology. As long as both China and the United States continue to expand the "convergence of interests" in various fields and at various levels and aim to construct a "community of interest", the two countries should be able to build a global partnership based on strategic mutual trust. </p>
<p>To sum up, as Chinese scholars and experts who wish to engage in in-depth strategic thinking, we would like to lay out three main points. </p>
<p>First, the China-US relationship is encountering severe tests and facing the absence of strategic mutual trust. As a Chinese aphorism says, "a boat sailing against the current must forge ahead or be swept downstream." The relationship is just at this critical juncture. </p>
<p>Second, turbulence in this bilateral relationship would cause enormous and unbearable losses of interests of both sides and jeopardize world economy as well as global security. Meanwhile, the profound changes in the international situation and the increasingly growing common interests between the two countries also provide unprecedented strategic opportunities for both sides. </p>
<p>Third, we must adhere to the new type of strategic thinking that holds that "China-US relations are mutually beneficial and win-win in nature". That is, we should not only face squarely the difficulties and obstacles in bilateral relations, but also make efforts to discard outmoded thinking that is unbeneficial to the development of common interests, so as to gradually accumulate and build strategic mutual trust. </p>
<p>Wang Jisi and Jia Qingguo are professors at the School of International Studies, Peking University; Wang Min is a research fellow at Peking University; Qian Yinyi and Bai Chongen are professors at the School of Economics and Management, Tsinghua University.</p>
<p>(China Daily 02/13/2012 page9)</p>

== femme maillot de bain Portals ==

<p>Get all kinds of photos,[http://bikinisdespascher.com/ maillot de bain], slideshows, multimedia for sports news,[http://bikinisdespascher.com/ femme maillot de bain], stars,[http://bikinisdespascher.com/ femme maillot de bain], games,[http://bikinisdespascher.com/ maillots de bain femmes], and events at chinadaily.com.cn.</p> <p> </p>
Partners : | qstheory.cn|PeopleDaily|Xinhua.net|China.org.cn|cntv.com|CRI.cn|CE.cn|Youth.cn|ChinaTaiwan.org|<br> Media : | ChinaTravelDepot.com|Peopleforum|workercn.cn|<br> Portals : | www.panguso.com|www.goso.cn|Sina|Sohu|Tom|Tencent|NetEase|Hexun|<br> Organizations : | FrenCham|CPAFFC|CPIFA|Gov.cn|eBeijing|AmCham|SwissCham BJ|The 16th Asian Games|

== louboutin pas cher  said recently ==

2012-03-01 08:04:47.0Ruan ZongzePeace and stability in SyriaSyria, China, US, EU, Russia, UN, Syrian crisis11011501Op-Ed Contributors2@webnews/enpproperty--> <p> <p> Moves to arm the opposition and bring about another Libyan-style regime change will only lead to more bloodshed <p> With the situation in Syria deteriorating, the international community is at the crossroads between war and peace. <p> Domestic strife and external pressure have caused the Syrian crisis. Syria is an Islamic country with Sunnis accounting for two-thirds of its population, while the Assad family, which has been ruling Syria for more than 40 years, belongs to the minority Alawite sect, a Shiite branch of Islam. <p> In June 2000, when his father died, Bashar al-Assad succeeded him as president. Shortly after coming to power, he introduced reform measures, such as releasing political prisoners and relaxing restrictions on speech, and began combating corruption and improving people's livelihoods. However, these initiatives encountered heavy resistance,[http://frpolosbyralphlauren.info polo ralph lauren], and the reforms bore little fruit. <p> In fact, the Syrian crisis is being fueled by outside interference. The Arab League, which is composed of predominately Sunni-led countries that fear a "Shiite crescent" composed of Iran, Syria and Lebanon, issued ultimatums calling for Assad to step down. But these were rejected, so the league imposed economic sanctions against Syria and referred the Syrian issue to the United Nations, thereby "internationalizing" the crisis. <p> Turkey, which previously had close relations with Syria, initially played the role of mediator. But after its mediation efforts failed, relations between the two countries got worse, and Turkey now openly shields the Syrian opposition groups and rebels. <p> Meanwhile, Egypt has recalled its ambassador to Damascus, leading to the disintegration of an anti-Israeli alliance that had existed for decades. <p> Washington is attempting to further isolate Iran by pressing Syria, and the long-term sanctions imposed by the United States and other Western countries have shattered Syria's economy. <p> The efforts of the international community should be aimed at facilitating reconciliation within Syria. <p> With the violence escalating, the majority of civilians just want a peaceful restoration of national stability and social order. Therefore, seeking a political settlement to the Syrian crisis is a top priority for China. <p> China has sent a special envoy to Syria for talks with the Syrian government and opposition, in a bid to promote dialogue between the two sides. China's stance and diplomatic efforts are increasingly gaining understanding and recognition from the international community. <p> However, the West repeatedly denounces any initiatives aimed at achieving a peaceful end to the crisis, with US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton particularly vocal in her bad-mouthing of China and Russia. <p> On Feb 26, Syria began a referendum over a new draft constitution, which would impose a limit of two seven-year terms on the president and introduce multi-party elections. According to the Syrian government, 89 percent of voters supported the new draft constitution. <p> However, the West has dismissed the referendum as a "farce" and the "Friends of Syria" conference, which shut out the Syrian government, the key party in solving the Syrian crisis, was in reality a gathering of the friends of the Syrian opposition. The conference recognized the Syrian National Council (SNC) as the "legitimate representative" of the Syrian people and promised to increase support for the opposition. <p> There were some rational voices at the "Friends of Syria" conference. Tunisian President Moncef al-Marzouki told the conference, that to be a true friend of Syria means preventing as much bloodshed as possible, and that this will not be achieved by arming Syrians against Syrians, nor by foreign military intervention. <p> But the West has no intention of pursuing dialogue and supporting the democratic process in Syria,[http://frpolosbyralphlauren.info polo pas cher], its sole aim is to topple the Assad government. Inside the US, there are voices calling for military intervention against Syria. The Republican US Senator John McCain said all options must now be on the table and called for Syria's opposition to be armed, ignoring the fact that more arms will lead to more bloodshed. <p> At present, peace and development are the trend of the times. If the West insists on attempting to realize regime change in other countries through military means it will only open a Pandora's box. <p> The author is vice-president of China Institute of International Studies. <p> <p>(China Daily 03/01/2012 page8)</p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p> </p>Bleak outlook for resolving Libyan crisis By Cang Lide (China Daily)<br> Updated: 2011-06-13 08:54 2011-06-13 08:54:02.0Cang LideBleak outlook for resolving Libyan crisisLibya, NATO, Gaddafi, tribes, &nbsp;11011501Op-Ed Contributors2@webnews/enpproperty--> <p>
</p><p>Unmoved by the international community's efforts to seek a peaceful resolution to the Libyan crisis, NATO has launched its heaviest ever bombardment against government installations in Tripoli. Despite this, Libya's political future is as uncertain as the day NATO began military intervention three months ago. </p><p> <p>Related readings:<br>&#160;Diplomats, businessmen flee Libya<br>&#160;Gadhafi strikes Libya rebels, NATO pounds Tripoli<br>&#160;NATO to push for more involvement in Libya strikes<br>&#160;'Political solution' needed for Libya</p>The stalemate is as much the result of Libya's domestic turmoil as it is NATO's political goals, particularly the goals of the US, France and the UK. </p><p>Although the UN Security Council resolution mandated protecting civilians not regime change, these Western countries seek to oust Gaddafi and install a democratic system of their own devising. They have apparently been encouraged by the recent power changes in Tunisia and Egypt. But before we can have a clear idea of Libya's future there are a number of issues obscuring the outlook. </p><p>Gaddafi </p><p>Rumors have been rife about Muammar Gaddafi. He has been wounded. He is in hiding. He has lost control of his forces. Yet, again and again,[http://christianlouboutinnsensoldes.info/ louboutin pas cher], a defiant Gaddafi has surfaced, vowing to fight to the bitter end. His forces may have turned from the offensive to the defensive, but they have so far managed to hold on to Tripoli. Even as NATO extends its bombing for another three months, it is still anyone's guess if and when Gaddafi will leave. </p><p>Gaddafi loyalists </p><p>Gaddafi's days may be numbered, but his supporters will still be around. It is dangerously naive to imagine that the opposition based in Benghazi will simply take over the country on their own terms once Gaddafi is gone. If forces fighting for Gaddafi are not accepted into the post-Gaddafi political order, basic security and stability in Libya will still be threatened. To date,[http://christianlouboutinnsensoldes.info http://christianlouboutinnsensoldes.info/], there have been no signs of a compromise. </p><p>Tribes and clans </p><p>What makes Libya distinct from Egypt and Tunisia is its demographic structure. Its social fabric has not changed much for hundreds of years. The latest television images showing Gaddafi meeting with tribal leaders are clear indications that his power base for the last four decades has been very much built upon political support from tribes and clans. There are reports that tribes in the countryside are trying to arm themselves with smuggled weapons. If the tribal forces cannot be incorporated in the future political framework, the country is likely to remain unstable or even plunge into civil war. </p><p>Extremists and terrorists </p><p>According to reports, Islamic terrorists from outside Libya are already infiltrating the country to seize weapons and military equipment. They may take advantage of the political instability to fan anti-Western hatred among Libyans and join forces with local extremists. That is the last thing the NATO wants to see. </p><p>Counting the costs </p><p>Last but not least, NATO may not be able to simply walk away given the weakness of the Libyan opposition in both military and political terms. If NATO ground troops have to be deployed to keep order, it will have to deal with the timing, duration, cost and casualties, as well as political pressure from both within their own countries and from international scrutiny. </p><p>Political analysts pondering the post-Gaddafi era have argued that the problem Libya faces is not democratization but state formation. </p><p>Henry Kissinger, the former US Secretary of State, said recently: "I don't believe it is necessarily or as yet a democratic revolution. The challenge we have now is to see how we can contribute to a democratic evolution that is in the first scene of the first act of a five-act play." He is obviously not optimistic about what has happened in some of the Arab countries in North Africa and Middle East. </p><p>As NATO missiles continue to create huge craters on the ground, the major Western players in the Libyan political game need to reflect seriously on who or what will fill the vacuum left after Gaddafi leaves, and shoulder the responsibility for the grave consequences that may arise. </p><p>The author is a writer with China Daily. He can be reached at canglide@chinadaily.com.cn. </p><p>
</p><p>(China Daily 06/13/2011 page8)</p>
Related articles：
 <ul>
  
   <li>[http://interiordesignwikis.com/mediawiki/index.php?title=User:Pingxuan1590#christian_louboutin_pas_cher christian louboutin pas cher]</li>
  
   <li>[http://www.futurapedia.com/mediawiki/index.php?title=User:Xuelian1757#chaussures_louboutin__which_posed_danger. chaussures louboutin  which posed danger.]</li>
  
 </ul>

== http://frpolosbyralphlauren.info USD ==

Sincere advice as US (China Daily)<br> Updated: 2011-01-18 07:54 2011-01-18 07:54:56.0Sincere counsel for USHu Jintao,[http://frpolosbyralphlauren.info ralph lauren pas cher],US,dollar,stability11011500Editorials2@webnews/enpproperty--> <br>
<br><br>Western media were quickly to cry Chinese President Hu Jintao's comments aboard the US USD unusually blunt But there is real merit apt ardent words,[http://frpolosbyralphlauren.info http://frpolosbyralphlauren.info],though occasionally unpleasant apt the ear. <br><br>It is wished that US policymakers want take it that access <br><br>In his written interview with US newspapers prior to his state visit to the United States that begins aboard Tuesday, Hu never only pointed out that "the current international currency system namely the product of the past", he likewise urged that "the liquidity of the US USD should be kept by a reasonable and stable class <br><br>The Chinese chancellor is simply highlighting a troubling reality that no nation can afford to bypass <br><br>The US dollar has served as the guiding keep currency apt assist international business investment plus financial transactions as decades. <br><br>However, the 2008 prevalent financial crisis plus the emulating super-loose US monetary plans have increasingly underscored the truth that a US-dollar dominated international currency system is becoming something of one anachronism these days. <br><br>In the manifest faith that it can reflate its access out of recession, the US has tried hard to print more money regardless of the truth that this ambition bring a spill of liquidity into the global economy,particularly apt emerging economies,plus accordingly bring inflation amongst the roof. <br><br>If the new international currency system cannot be timely overhauled and updated apt reflect the current global economic landscape,[http://christianlouboutinnsensoldes.info/ christian louboutin], it is hard apt deem that the international community can administer apt safe any phase soon, a lasting prevalent resumption from the worst financial crisis amid almost seven decades. <br><br>Besides, as the largest foreign holder of US government debts, China's concern over the safety plus merit of its assets is entirely justified. <br><br>According apt the US Treasury Department, China's holdings surpassed $900 billion in October. <br><br>That is naturally a colossal quantity as both the borrower, who namely swiftly fleeing one daily monetary shortage of extra than $1 trillion,plus the creditor whose emigrant exchange reserves totaled below $3 trillion out of a gross domestic product of fewer than $6 trillion. <br><br>Admittedly, China's massive purchase of US Treasury securities namely a self-made alternative apt apportion its soaring emigrant exchange reserves, mainly accumulated amongst trade surplus plus the inflow of alien direct investment. <br><br>Yet,[http://christianlouboutinnsensoldes.info/ christian louboutin pas cher], China's purchase of US public debts as a means to defend the value of its national funds embodied among emigrant exchange reserves certainly does never represent an endorsement for unbridled printing of US dollars. <br><br>It namely only natural as Chinese leaders to express worries while US politicians only emerge interested surrounded wooing voters while their public debts are setting new records about daytime by day <br><br>No nation can inflate away its debt without undesirable consequences. US policymakers should take to their hearts President Hu's words, which he attempted as frank counsel,amid the interests of both nations and the world economy. <br><br>
<br><br> 
Related articles：
 <ul>
  
   <li>[http://skaclan.co.uk/e107_plugins/forum/forum_viewtopic.php?32963.last christian louboutin  flache]</li>
  
   <li>[http://www.amistadsincera.com/events_view.php?eid=411427 polo pas cher]</li>
  
 </ul>

== chaussures christian louboutin  such person may choose to  P ==

The Legal Small Print                                                                                         261<br>NEGLIGENCE OR UNDER STRICT LIABILITY, OR FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY OR CONTRACT [http://christiandeslouboutinn.com louboutin pas cher],<br>INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO INDIRECT [http://christianlouboutinnsensoldes.info ], CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL<br>DAMAGES [http://christianlouboutinnsensoldes.info/ louboutin chaussures], EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.<br>If you discover a Defect in this eBook within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money<br>(if any) you paid for it by sending an explanatory note within that time to the person you received it from. If<br>you received it on a physical medium, you must return it with your note, and such person may choose to<br>alternatively give you a replacement copy. If you received it electronically [http://christianlouboutinnsensoldes.info/ chaussures christian louboutin], such person may choose to<br>alternatively give you a second opportunity to receive it electronically.<br>THIS EBOOK IS OTHERWISE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS-IS". NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY<br>KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE MADE TO YOU AS TO THE EBOOK OR ANY MEDIUM IT MAY<br>BE ON, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS<br><br>relate link more：

 <ul>
  
   <li>[http://gripradio.com/forum/topic.php?id=6534&replies=1#post-7305 mais bientôt je me rendormis  SgBbbZK]</li>
  
   <li>[http://ferrari-dk.com/ferrari/webboard/read.php?tid=2650 chaussures christian louboutin  one of the households has not paid its dues.]</li>
  
   <li>[http://thenext30days.com/node/10#comment-175 ralph lauren  juchés sur]</li>
  
 </ul>

== sac longchamp pas cher fait connaître dans sa préface ces m ==

,.. [http://longchamppliagedesoldes.info http://longchamppliagedesoldes.info/],,,,.fait connaître dans sa préface ces moeurs homériques (sic).<br>«Vient ensuite une notice sur Hyacinthe Maglanovich fraaacombined_07200, célèbre joueur de guzla, que l'éditeur-traducteur a<br>connu personnellement à Zara. Ce n'est point là un de nos poètes d'Académie ou de salon. Pour l'extérieur [http://longchamppliagedesoldes.info/ sac longchamp pliage],<br>voyez son portrait en tête du livre: les habitudes, les moeurs, l'en séparent bien plus complètement encore. Il y<br>avait en Angleterre un certain M. Barrington, voleur de poches (pick-pocket) très expert, profession qu'il faut<br>soigneusement distinguer de celle de voleur de grand chemin (highwayman), car on ne cumule pas en ce<br>genre. Or donc, lorsque la police de Londres était informée de la présence de ce gentleman à un spectacle,<br>une manière de commissaire, avant le lever du rideau ou dans l'entr'acte, apostrophait le public en ces<br>termes: «Mesdames et Messieurs (nous dirions Messieurs et Mesdames), j'ai l'honneur de vous prévenir que<br>M. Barrington est dans la salle.» De même je dirais à nos poètes, si jamais leur confrère en Apollon venait les<br>visiter: «Attention, Messieurs, à vos montres et à vos tabatières.» Ce bon Maglanovich a contracté certaines<br>habitudes que le code n'approuve pas et qui, parmi nous, pourraient peut-être le rendre justiciable d'un tribunal<br>de police correctionnelle [http://longchamppliagedesoldes.info/ sac longchamp pas cher], voire même d'une cour d'assises; témoin l'aventure de la paire de pistolets dont le<br>traducteur anonyme paya le plaisir de donner l'hospitalité à notre barde. J'allais oublier une autre de ces<br>habitudes, celle de boire outre mesure. Vit-il encore? L'éditeur a négligé de nous en instruire.<br>«Les poésies dont se compose ce recueil sont d'auteurs fraaacombined_07200, de temps et de genres divers. Ballades, romances,<br><br>relate link more：

 <ul>
  
   <li>[http://www.unclemonsterface.com/forum/topic/32356?replies=1#post-41019 sac longchamp que lieutenant  LgO]</li>
  
   <li>[http://geocaching-blog.net/forum/topic.php?id=1302#post-1328 sac pas cher --Glie l'ho detto: e non desidera che di abbrac]</li>
  
   <li>[http://runsub4.com/forum/topic.php?id=15259&replies=1#post-19148 longchamp pas cher dal concatenamento di fatti messo in luce]</li>
  
 </ul>