My doctoral dissertation leadership analysis mainly focused on the impact and relationship among leadership and adversity. However, a material additional part of my leadership was to evoke from the sixteen prominent leader's descriptions their concepts of leadership, and even their styles of leadership, such as transformational leadership. [http://www.permaculture.me permaculture]

The sixteen prominent leader / research participants each had their very own distinct life journey in coping with adversity and then working to turn out to be a helpful and carried out leader. One frequent theme is that obstacles or adversity in the early lives of the participants, such as the loss of a parent, poverty, discrimination, or even getting a Holocaust victim, was not the seminal or a great number of important event in their lives. They each grew by way of the experiences that came with growing responsibilities in their careers, or by means of big career modifications. Successfully overcoming the obstacles in their adult lives helped them to grow. The encouragement, assistance, and examples from mentors played a significant part in their lives.

My in depth Doctoral dissertation research into leadership and adversity has shown me that a mentor, in particular a servant-leader mentor, can teach a person learn how to overcome the obstacles and adversities of life. Enlightened mentors or servant-leader mentors are a standard example of someone who utilizes transformation leadership approaches and skills at the life. [http://www.permaculture.me permaculture design course]

The leader I interviewed commented on the importance of getting the enlightened and caring mentor can guide from their own personal experiences with adversity. They are some who has been there and has successfully overcome the challenging issue or large adversity. In a few cases, mentors might teach mentees which approach to go according to their experience of taking a wrong path and having learned a greater way. The mentor may possibly have skilled and overcome a couple of other, much more horrendous, issue in his or her life's journey that may perhaps inspire the mentee to higher heights.

The sixteen prominent leaders that I personally interviewed discovered nine critical qualities of a leader. Many of these leadership traits, including although constantly associated with transformational leadership, are found in the lst from my leadership research: [http://www.permaculture.me leadership]

Honesty or integrity 
 A high level of individuals skills 
 Initiative, assertiveness, drive, or determination 
 Excellent communication abilities or willingness to talk up, take a position, or take charge 
 Vision (getting forward-seeking) 
 Desire or passion to lead and inspire
 Positive attitude and self-confidence; charisma 
 Knowledge of the business and/or group job at hand; competence
 The ability to overcome adversity or obstacles