How To Buy Art - Beginners Level



Many people buy art. The reason why that they buy are varied. Some people only buy what they need to decorate a home or office. These folks may go through that a framed poster or perhaps a decorative paper calendar is art.

Cheap decoration has a place, however the individuals who buy cheap decor are less likely to become buyers of original art. Frame shops have attempted to push posters, "art print" lithographs, and giclee' editions as art. Interestingly the typical frame shop today can charge $100 - $250 to have an "archival" matted lithograph inside a frame under glass or plastic.

The frame shops may charge $400 - $1200 for a giclee' (a litho on canvas having a textured acrylic coating) inside a simple frame. Whereas a buyer could purchase a promising small to large original work with $80 - $600.

Although there can be no guarantee the original work will increase in value through the years, you can be certain that the poster or litho or giclee' will decrease in value when it leaves the store.

Ceramics and sculpture suffer the same market issues that flat work suffers. Mass manufacture of "art" ceramics and sculpture editions is everywhere. It's overpriced - these pieces ranges from $40 to $600.

[http://afmg.org/wiki/index.php?title=User:HoardGale55 affordable original art]

Production art from factories in under developed countries is within glut at import stores, discount stores and some furniture stores selling decor items. And contains little possibility of holding any value beyond it's second sale in a thrift shop or garage sale.

What else can a buyer find? With a little looking around a buyer can find artists inside the region selling original art. Some small galleries and frame shops have original works, but going directly to the artist usually gets you the best pieces for the money.

Art fairs, annual community art shows and auctions are fantastic ways to begin to see the works of many artists previously. You can meet artists, exchange cards or telephone numbers, even negotiate better prices.

Surfing the web is yet another strategy for finding numerous artists selling original works in every genre, medium, size, and color. Be careful of artists selling overpriced posters and giclee's that belongs to them works - bargain for originals.

If you're able to visit an artist's studio you may get to determine a larger spectrum of the work. Along the way of getting to understand the artist negotiations may be better, particularly if you want more than one piece or bring enthusiastic friends who will buy as well. Bartering is a real possibility for many artists too, based on what you have to offer.