__NOTOC__
<div id="mainLinks" style="text-align:center;font-size:large;font-style:italic">[[PKI_Download|Download]] | [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/FAQ FAQ] | [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki Documentation] | [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Architecture Architecture] | [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Development-Guide Developers] |  [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Mailing-Lists Mailing Lists]</div>

__NOTOC__


== Overview ==
Welcome to the home page for the Dogtag Certificate System! 

The Dogtag Certificate System is an enterprise-class open source [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Certificate-Authority Certificate Authority] (CA). It is a full-featured system, and has been hardened by real-world deployments. It supports all aspects of certificate lifecycle management, including key archival, [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/OCSP-Responder OCSP] and smartcard management, and much more. The Dogtag Certificate System can be downloaded for free and set up in less than an hour.

This site has everything you need to join the Dogtag community. Whether you are just looking for help and advice deploying and using Dogtag components, or you want to take a more active role and help shape the future of PKI, there are documentation references, mailing lists, and discussion channels for you to read or join:

* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki Online Documentation]
* [https://access.redhat.com/site/documentation/Red_Hat_Certificate_System/ Additional Documentation Reference]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Mailing-Lists Mailing lists]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/IRC Online chat sites via IRC channels]

== Key Features ==
Dogtag is a collection of technologies that allow enterprises to deploy PKI on a large scale. It has features such as:
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Certificate Certificate] issuance, revocation, and retrieval
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Certificate-Revocation-List Certificate Revocation List] (CRL) generation and publishing
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Certificate-Profiles Certificate Profiles]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/SCEP-Responder Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol] (SCEP)
* Local [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Registration-Authority Registration Authority] (LRA) for organizational authentication and policies
* Encryption key archival and recovery
* Smartcard lifecycle management
** Token profiles
** Token enrollment, on-hold, key recovery, and format
** Face-to-face enrollment with the security officer workstation interface
* Extensive [http://www.redhat.com/docs/manuals/cert-system/ documentation]

For more, see the [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Features Features] page.

== Releases ==

Releases are published in the following pages:

* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/releases PKI Releases]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/jss/releases/ JSS Releases]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/tomcatjss/releases/ Tomcat JSS Releases]

See also [[News Archive]].

== What Can You Do? ==

If you're a new user, check out the [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/User-Guide User Guide].  To run or deploy a Certificate System using pre-built components, see the [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Installation-Guide Installation Guide].
<br>
If you are interested in development, view the [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Development-Guide Development Guide].
<br>
For information regarding exciting new directions for Dogtag (such as simplifying its ability to have many of its features embedded in other projects), see the following:
* [[Dogtag]]
<br>
Developers who are writing clients against the new REST interface in Dogtag can find useful information here:
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Programming-Guide Programming Guide]
<br>
Additional ideas for using Dogtag and participating in our community are in the following sections:

* [[PKI How to contribute|How to contribute]]
* [[PKI Roadmap|Roadmap]]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Design-Documents Design Documents]
* [[PKI_Known_Issues|Known Issues]]
* [[PKI Wishlist|Wishlist]]

== Community ==
Join our community and help shape the future of Dogtag!  Here are some links to get you started:
* [[Ways_To_Contribute|Ways to contribute]]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki Online documentation]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Mailing-Lists Mailing lists]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/IRC Online chat sites via IRC channels]
* [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/Related-Projects Related Projects]

== Team, History, and Contributors ==
The Dogtag technology has roots that go back over 15 years. Here is some background:
* [[PKI_Credit|PKI Team, History, and Contributors]]