= Data Storage Requirements =

== Dogtag 9.0 ==
=== 389 Directory Server ===

For a CA, DRM, OCSP, TKS, or TPS subsystem, either have a 389 Directory Server available on the network in order to provide data storage for the installed PKI RPMs, or simply install the 389-ds Meta package:

 yum install 389-ds

The first time you install a 389 Directory Server, you need to configure it.  Run this command as '''root''':
 /usr/sbin/setup-ds.pl (or /usr/sbin/setup-ds-admin.pl if you wish to use the '389-console').
After answering several questions and accepting the license, you will see these choices
 Choose a setup type:
 
   1. Express
       Allows you to quickly set up the servers using the most
       common options and pre-defined defaults. Useful for quick
       evaluation of the products.
 
   2. Typical
       Allows you to specify common defaults and options.
 
   3. Custom
       Allows you to specify more advanced options. This is 
       recommended for experienced server administrators only.
 
 To accept the default shown in brackets, press the Enter key.
 
 Choose a setup type [2]: 

Select [2].  When prompted for various options such as user names and network ports, hit <Enter> to accept the default. You will also need to select a password.

Curious users may find more detailed information about the Fedora Directory Server at [http://directory.fedoraproject.org 389 Directory Server].

== Dogtag 1.3 and Earlier ==
=== Fedora Directory Server ===

For a CA, DRM, OCSP, TKS, or TPS subsystem, either have a Fedora Directory Server available on the network in order to provide data storage for the installed PKI RPMs, or simply install the fedora-ds-base package:

 yum install fedora-ds-base

The first time you install a Fedora Directory Server, you need to configure it.  Run this command as '''root''':
 /usr/sbin/setup-ds.pl
After answering several questions and accepting the license, you will see these choices
 Choose a setup type:
 
   1. Express
       Allows you to quickly set up the servers using the most
       common options and pre-defined defaults. Useful for quick
       evaluation of the products.
 
   2. Typical
       Allows you to specify common defaults and options.
 
   3. Custom
       Allows you to specify more advanced options. This is 
       recommended for experienced server administrators only.
 
 To accept the default shown in brackets, press the Enter key.
 
 Choose a setup type [2]: 

Select [2].  When prompted for various options such as user names and network ports, hit <Enter> to accept the default. You will also need to select a password.

Curious users may find more detailed information about the Fedora Directory Server at [http://directory.fedoraproject.org http://directory.fedoraproject.org].

=== Fedora Directory Server (Optional Extras) ===

To optionally install the Fedora Directory Server Administration Server, install the following package:

 yum install fedora-ds-admin

To optionally install the Fedora Directory Server Console, install the following package:

 yum install fedora-idm-console

== SQLite Database ==

RA subsystems utilize an SQLite database for data storage. The RA does not use the LDAP instance for storage.