== Installing Pre-Built PKI Support Components ==

The PKI subsystems also require the following pre-built libraries and components which can easily be installed via either Fedora's development yum server or the PKI development yum server. Become '''root''', and execute the following commands:

===  Third-party Native Libraries ===
==== Dogtag 9.0 ====
* nspr 4.8.8 or later
  yum install nspr
  yum install nspr-devel
* nss 3.12.10 or later
  yum install nss
  yum install nss-devel
  yum install nss-tools
* openldap-devel 2.4.24 or later
  yum install openldap
  yum install openldap-devel
  yum install openldap-clients
* cyrus-sasl-devel 2.1.23 or later
  yum install cyrus-sasl-devel
* svrcore-devel 4.0.4 or later
  yum install svrcore-devel
* httpd-devel 2.2.17 or later. 
  yum install httpd-devel
* zlib-devel-1.2.5 or later.
  yum install zlib-devel

==== Dogtag 1.3 and Earlier ====
* nspr 4.6.6 or later
  yum install nspr
  yum install nspr-devel
* nss 3.11.5 or later
  yum install nss
  yum install nss-devel
  yum install nss-tools
* mozldap-devel 6.0.3 or later
  yum install mozldap
  yum install mozldap-devel
  yum install mozldap-tools
* cyrus-sasl-devel 2.1.19 or later
  yum install cyrus-sasl-devel
* svrcore-devel 4.0.3.01 or later
  yum install svrcore-devel
* httpd-devel 2.2.4 or later. 
  yum install httpd-devel
* zlib-devel-1.2.3 or later.
  yum install zlib-devel

=== Third-party Java Libraries ===
==== Dogtag 9.0 ====
* jss 4.2.6-17 or later
  yum install jss
* ldapjdk 4.18 or later
  yum install ldapjdk
* tomcat6 6.0.30 or later
  yum install tomcat5
* velocity 1.6.4 or later
  yum install velocity
* junit 3.8.2 or later
  yum install junit
==== Dogtag 1.3 or Earlier ====
* jss 4.2.5 or later
  yum install jss
* ldapjdk 4.17 or later
  yum install ldapjdk
* tomcat5 5.5.23 or later
  yum install tomcat5
* velocity 1.4-6jpp1 or later
  yum install velocity
* junit 3.8.2-3jpp.1 or later
  yum install junit
* ant-junit 1.6.5-2jpp.2 or later
  yum install ant-junit

=== IdM Console Framework ===

The IdM console framework component is required by the PKI console.  Details about the idm-console-framework can be found [http://directory.fedoraproject.org/wiki/BuildingConsole here].

A user can decide to either install the existing idm-console-framework component in the PKI Yum repository, or build a new idm-console-framework from the source.

==== Installing IdM Console Framework ====

To install this component, become the '''root''' user, and execute the following command:

* idm-console-framework 1.1.0-2 (Dogtag 1.3 and Earlier) or 1.1.7 (Dogtag 9.0) or later

  yum install idm-console-framework

==== Building IdM Console Framework ====

To build the IdM console framework, perform the following procedures:

    yum install ant

Pull source for 'idm-console-framework' following the instructions located [http://directory.fedoraproject.org/wiki/Source here].

To build the framework RPM, become the '''root''' user, and execute the commands documented [http://directory.fedoraproject.org/wiki/BuildingConsole#Building_the_Console_Framework_.28idm-console-framework.29 here].

Install the RPM.

=== Tomcat JSS (tomcatjss) ===

The tomcatjss component is used by all Java subsystems (i.e. - CA, DRM, OCSP, and TKS). Details of tomcatjss can be found in the [[PKI 1 Architecture]].

A user can decide to either install the existing tomcatjss component in the PKI Yum repository, or build a new tomcatjss from the source.

==== Installing Tomcat JSS ====

To install this component, become the '''root''' user, and execute the following command:

    yum install tomcatjss

==== Building Tomcat JSS ====

To build tomcatjss, do the following:

    yum install ant

    svn co <nowiki>http://svn.fedorahosted.org/svn/tomcatjss/trunk/tomcatjss</nowiki>
    cd tomcatjss
    ./build_tomcatjss

The RPM will be created in ./dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch.  Become the '''root''' user, and execute the following commands:

    cd ./dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch
    rpm -Uvh tomcatjss