= &#91;Feature Name&#93; =
== Overview ==
<font color="RED">'''TBD'''</font>

Short overview of the problem set and any background material or references one would need to understand the details.

== Associated Bugs and Tickets ==
<font color="RED">'''TBD'''</font>

Provide URLs to all associated bugs and tickets.

== Use Cases ==
<font color="RED">'''TBD'''</font>

Walk through one or more full examples of how the feature will be used. These should not all be the simplest cases.

== Operating System Platforms and Architectures ==
<font color="RED">'''TBD'''</font>

Provide the initial operating systems and architectures.

== Design ==
<font color="RED">'''TBD'''</font>

The proposed solution. This may include but is not limited to:

* new schema
* syntax of commands
* logic flow
* access control considerations

== Implementation ==
<font color="RED">'''TBD'''</font>

Any additional requirements or changes discovered during the implementation phase.

Include any rejected design information in the [[PKI_Design_Template#History|History]] section.

== Major configuration options and enablement ==
<font color="RED">'''TBD'''</font>

Any configuration options? Any commands to enable/disable the feature or turn on/off its parts?

== Cloning ==
<font color="RED">'''TBD'''</font>

Any impact on cloning?

== Updates and Upgrades ==
<font color="RED">'''TBD'''</font>

Any impact on updates and upgrades?

== Tests ==
<font color="RED">'''TBD'''</font>

Identify any tests associated with this feature including:
* JUnit
* Functional
* Build Time
* Runtime

== Dependencies ==
<font color="RED">'''TBD'''</font>

Any new package and library dependencies?

== Packages ==
<font color="RED">'''TBD'''</font>

Provide the initial packages that finally included this feature (e. g. - pki-core-10.1.0-1).

== External Impact ==
<font color="RED">'''TBD'''</font>

Impact on other development teams and components?

== History ==
'''ORIGINAL DESIGN DATE:&nbsp;&nbsp;''' &#91;Provide the original design date in 'Month DD, YYYY' format (e. g. - September 5, 2013).&#93;

Document any design ideas that were rejected during design and implementation of this feature with a brief explanation explaining why.

Note that this section is meant for documenting the history of this design, not the history of changes to the Wiki.