== Building PKI Subsystem Components (Dogtag 1.3 and Earlier ONLY) ==

'''IMPORTANT:'''&nbsp;&nbsp; For ALL of the following components, "{flavor}" equals "dogtag"!

=== CA Subsystem (pki-ca) ===

To build the CA-UI, do the following:

    cd src/pki/{flavor}/ca-ui
    ./build_{flavor}

The RPMs will be created in src/release/pki/{flavor}/ca-ui/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch.  Become the '''root''' user, and execute the following commands:

    cd src/release/pki/{flavor}/ca-ui/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch
    rpm -Uvh *.rpm
  
To build the CA, do the following:

    cd src/pki/{flavor}/ca
    ./build_{flavor}

The RPMs will be created in src/release/pki/base/ca/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch.  Become the '''root''' user, and execute the following commands:

    cd src/release/pki/base/ca/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch
    rpm -Uvh *.rpm

=== DRM Subsystem (pki-kra) ===

To build the DRM-UI, do the following:

    cd src/pki/{flavor}/kra-ui
    ./build_{flavor}

The RPMs will be created in src/release/pki/{flavor}/kra-ui/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch.  Become the '''root''' user, and execute the following commands:

    cd src/release/pki/{flavor}/kra-ui/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch
    rpm -Uvh *.rpm

To build the DRM, do the following:

    cd src/pki/{flavor}/kra
    ./build_{flavor}

The RPMs will be created in src/release/pki/base/kra/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch.  Become the '''root''' user, and execute the following commands:

    cd src/release/pki/base/kra/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch
    rpm -Uvh *.rpm

=== OCSP Subsystem (pki-ocsp) ===

To build the OCSP-UI, do the following:

    cd src/pki/{flavor}/ocsp-ui
    ./build_{flavor}

The RPMs will be created in src/release/pki/{flavor}/ocsp-ui/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch.  Become the '''root''' user, and execute the following commands:

    cd src/release/pki/{flavor}/ocsp-ui/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch
    rpm -Uvh *.rpm

To build the OCSP, do the following:

    cd src/pki/{flavor}/ocsp
    ./build_{flavor}

The RPMs will be created in src/release/pki/base/ocsp/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch.  Become the '''root''' user, and execute the following commands:

    cd src/release/pki/base/ocsp/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch
    rpm -Uvh *.rpm

=== TKS Subsystem (pki-tks) ===

To build the TKS-UI, do the following:

    cd src/pki/{flavor}/tks-ui
    ./build_{flavor}

The RPMs will be created in src/release/pki/{flavor}/tks-ui/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch.  Become the '''root''' user, and execute the following commands:

    cd src/release/pki/{flavor}/tks-ui/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch
    rpm -Uvh *.rpm

To build the TKS, do the following:

    cd src/pki/{flavor}/tks
    ./build_{flavor}

The RPMs will be created in src/release/pki/base/tks/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch.  Become the '''root''' user, and execute the following commands:

    cd src/release/pki/base/tks/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch
    rpm -Uvh *.rpm

=== RA Subsystem (pki-ra) ===

To build the RA-UI, do the following:

    cd src/pki/{flavor}/ra-ui
    ./build_{flavor}

The RPMs will be created in src/release/pki/{flavor}/ra-ui/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch.  Become the '''root''' user, and execute the following commands:

    cd src/release/pki/{flavor}/ra-ui/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch
    rpm -Uvh *.rpm

To build the RA, do the following:

    cd src/pki/{flavor}/ra
    ./build_{flavor}

The RPMs will be created in src/release/pki/base/ra/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch.  Become the '''root''' user, and execute the following commands:

    cd src/release/pki/base/ra/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch
    rpm -Uvh *.rpm

=== TPS Subsystem (pki-tps) ===

To build the TPS-UI, do the following:

    cd src/pki/{flavor}/tps-ui
    ./build_{flavor}

The RPMs will be created in src/release/pki/{flavor}/tps-ui/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch.  Become the '''root''' user, and execute the following commands:

    cd src/release/pki/{flavor}/tps-ui/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/noarch
    rpm -Uvh *.rpm

To build the TPS, do the following:

    cd src/pki/{flavor}/tps
    ./build_{flavor}

The RPMs will be created in src/release/pki/base/tps/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/{arch}.  Become the '''root''' user, and execute the following commands:

    cd src/release/pki/base/tps/dist/rpmpkg/RPMS/{arch}
    rpm -Uvh *.rpm