Inside Legal Shield: A Critical Third party Review



About Legal Shield

Legal Shield is really a company founded in 1972 by entrepreneur and visionary, Harland Stonecipher. Mr. Stonecipher founded the organization after being involved with a significant vehicle accident. Although he'd car insurance to assistance with his vehicle damage in addition to medical health insurance to pay for his hospital bills, he was completely unprepared for that legal expenses he quickly incurred.

Mr. Stonecipher quickly remarked that even though United States has long had one of the world's innovative legal systems offering "justice for all", quite often that justice comes at a significant steep price the average American unfortunately struggles to afford.

He decided to produce a solution and thereby offer top legal services to Americans everywhere at a fraction of the items those self same services would normally cost. Pre-Paid Legal Services was created.

The organization expanded quickly and was even listed on the Nyse where it was a regular top performer. In June of 2011, Stonecipher and his shareholders completed the sale and managerial transfer from the company to Midocean Partners, making it a privately owned company for the first time inside a long while.

The choice to re-brand and rename the company, Legal Shield, was officially announced in the company's convention in Dallas, Texas on September 10, 2011. Legal Shield provides its services throughout the United States as well as in 4 Canadian provinces.

Legal Shield Service Summary

Legal Shield services are available on a month-to-month basis. Members get access to a multitude of service offerings that are tailored specifically to their needs. For $26 per month, probably the most popular plans the company offers members is known as the household Plan. It provides members with 5 main areas of coverage.

The very first area of coverage is preventive legal services. Members receive use of premier lawyers in their state for unlimited phone consultations. Members can have wills prepared for them as well as letters or telephone calls written or placed on their behalf through the law firm.

[http://avajones715.dmusic.net/journal/1237557 legal shield]

The 2nd area coverage is perfect for automobile incidents. Members can receive representation and consultation for moving traffic violations as well as for incidents of manslaughter, involuntary manslaughter, negligent homicide, and other vehicular homicide charges.

The 3rd coverage area is trial defense. Members receive 75 hours of the law firm's time for civil or criminal suit consultation and representation. Additional hours are available in a significant discount of the law firms' regular hourly rate.

The fourth area is IRS audit coverage. Members get access to as much as 50 hours of a tax attorney's assistance in case they're audited through the IRS.
The fifth area of coverage provides members having a 25 percent discount of the law firm's regular hourly rate for legalities that don't fall within the four regions of coverage.

Legal Shield also provides its members 24/7 use of a lawyer should they be detained by police, engage in an auto accident, etc.

Another one of Legal Shields popular services is its Id theft Shield. For any monthly fee this service provides continual monitoring of a member's credit profile as well as full forensic restoration services in case their identity is compromised.

[http://www.directorise.com/listing/242357-What-the-law-states-As-a-Shield-Protect-Yourself-and-Your-Business.html legal shield]

Compensation

Legal Shield markets its services via a diverse network of business affiliates referred to as independent associates. To be able to enroll being an associate one must pay a 1 time fee of $249. The organization provides ads, support, and on going training.

Legal Shield pays advanced commissions on the sale of their membership plans.These upfront bonuses can be very lucrative allowing associates to create large commissions paid every day. Legal Shield associates also have a chance to recruit other associates to promote the company's services and recruit associates. Associates are able to earn commission overrides around the sales efforts of those within their own personal sales organisations.

The Missing Piece

The Legal Shield financial opportunity provides associates having a fantastic opportunity to build a lucrative home-based business and achieve financial independence. However, as with any business enterprise an associate's likelihood of success are directly related to hard work and energy in order to achieve maximum results.

Although Legal Shield may sometimes provide its associates with potential customers or leads the truth is the majority of an associate's responsibility is to find new customers and sales associates on their own. This presents numerous challenges for just about any associate particularly those who've not been able to develop a business beyond their friends and family members.

However, using the dramatic rise from the internet, Legal Shield associates can now equip themselves with dynamic new online marketing strategies and approaches that can help them grow an effective Legal Shield business without having to chase friends and family members around. Mastering internet marketing strategies is really a critical component to success in Legal Shield and for many associates it is the "missing piece" to achieving positive results with this particular company.