Jimi Hendrix Biography and Top ten Songs

The problem with that is, I'm left handed and my dad right handed and thus we had to help keep switching the strings about which my dad moaned at. There is no way I could play the guitar a lefty like Jimi and so i eventually gave up and decided to appreciate the guitar skills in other people and concentrate my energy on other things.

Jimi was born on November 27th 1942 in Seattle, Washington and it is remembered among the greatest guitarists ever (the best in my experience). Jimi first became famous inside the USA (his home country) and ended his career in London, England. Jimi made success in the US as he performed at the Monteray Pop Festival in 1967, he later headlined at the Woodstock Festival in 1969. Jimi had many influences to his music, including Muddy Waters, B.B. King, Curtis Mayfield as well as Pete Townshend (The Who) and was also influenced by his Native American heritage.

Through the years Jimi helped to revolutionize music by developing several guitar techniques (using overdriven amplifiers to produce guitar feedback), and was among the first performers to make use of stereophonic and phasing effects in the recording studio. Jimi can also be well known for his flamboyant dress sense and stage performances.

Jimi was found dead within the basement flat of the Samarkand Hotel working in london (I went to see for myself on the visit) and the reason for death was considered he'd died by drowning by himself vomit after drinking red wine and taking several sleeping pills. Situations leading upto Jimi's death still remain somewhat a mystery and the details vary from report to report.

[http://115.146.20.228/mediawiki/index.php?title=User:MouaTutor331 see this here]

Jimi was awarded with a Rock N' Roll Hall Of Fame in 1992 and holds a number of other achievements for example Melody Maker' pop musician of the season 1967 and 1968, Rolling Stone Magazines # 1 of their 100 Greatest Guitarists Ever, and has his star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame.

Jimi released several studio albums (some notable ones being Are you currently Experienced, Axis: Bold as Love, Rainbow Bridge and Electric Ladyland) and it has also released several live albums (Gang of Gypsys, Isle of Wight, and Bleeding Heart to name a few). A number of Jimi's most widely used singles were: Hey Joe, Stone Free, Purple Haze, All Along the Watchtower, Foxy Lady, Voodoo Child and Little Wing.

There have been many artists and bands who've covered Jimi's songs over the years (Solution - Purple Haze, Stone Free - Eric Clapton, Bold As Love - The Pretenders) there happen to be also several tribute albums released in the honor.

My Top ten Jimi Hendrix Songs are:

01. All Along The Watchtower
02. Hey Joe
03. Purple Haze
04. Voodoo Child
05. Crosstown Traffic
06. Little Wing
07. Stepping-stone
08. Look Over Yonder
09. Izabella
10. Spanish Castle Magic

See the full blog for my top music reviews of bands songs and artists and tell me your comments and your top songs.