Using Instagram to Promote Your Business or Service

The first time I attempted Instagram, I must have spent an hour or so going through all the different ways one can touch up a pictures. I sampled a photograph against all of the available filters, with and without frames, and tested how I could share my posts through other social channels. It amazed me, too, how quickly I gained followers following a small amount of time, not to mention the social networking strategist within me wondered how I could utilize this neat tool for clients.

If you're not familiar with Instagram, it is an application that actually works exclusively with mobile like a photo sharing program. Users may download the app and post pictures - untouched or enhanced with filters that give the photos a retro look - to a public feed. Associated with pension transfer social networking sites, users can follow one another and like and discuss pictures. While it's possible to access Instagram feeds through various websites, users are only able to add new photos with the app.

Since launching in late 2010, Instagram can claim over $ 30 million users and also the interest of Facebook, that has bid to buy the organization for one billion dollars. Numerous services that allow users to turn their Instagram photos into postcards, stickers, and magnets also have launched in the last two years, further solidifying Instagram's influence in mobile.

[http://www.incompany.com/blog.php?user=jessemcneill067&blogentry_id=1499795 buy instagram followers]

As a business offering product or services, you might wonder how you can use Instagram to your benefit. The app is used for sharing photographs, so naturally your first inclination is to populate your feed with relevant photos and encourage likes and comments. The main one issue with Instagram is that one cannot link a photograph to another site, so you can't believe it for site referrals. You can, however, use the app to get people involved with sharing your brand.

Instagram users, like Twitter users, may often tag the photos they upload. One idea to advertise your company would involve contests where users can tag a themed photo according to your contest rules. Not just perhaps you have branded yourself on the network, however, you present the opportunity to go viral as followers of entrants detect the tag and also the feed.

You need to note, too, that Instagram might be integrated into Facebook pages and multi-purpose Web applications. You are able to set up an Instagram tab in your Facebook page to drag in pictures having a specific hashtag, and encourage users to tag their photos so they show. Individuals who use Hootsuite, for instance, can certainly share Instagram photos through Twitter and facebook profiles. Present the chance for individuals to talk about your photos - it can make for a nice contest that can go viral.