Likely to Go ahead and take PHR or SPHR? Three Exam Preparation Tips



Getting prepared to take the PHR or SPHR certification exam can easily seem like an overwhelming task to tackle. However, if you have the combination of education and experience requirements necessary to take the test of your choice and you're simply willing to devote a significant amount of time to studying and honing your test preparation skills, earning a PHR or SPHR credential is not impossible. Here are some tips - from somebody who has been teaching certification preparation classes for several years - that you may find to be helpful while you begin the entire process of getting prepared to earn professional certification through HRCI.

Three PHR/SPHR Exam Preparation Tips

1. Make use of the SHRM Learning System

As the SHRM Learning system is not inexpensive, it's truly the best resource for mastering the material that's covered around the PHR and SPHR preparation exam. There are other books and focus materials out there, but they weren't compiled by exactly the same organization that produces the test you're taking. It only makes sense to go straight to the source for your exam preparation materials. All you need to know to understand the knowledge requirements for that test is incorporated in the system.

The only real reason you should even consider seeking study material past the SHRM Learning System would be if you had truly mastered everything in the machine, such as the thought processes behind coming to the best answers for each one of the sample questions provide within the books and the online materials, as well as any other supplemental materials available through HRCI.

[http://blog.bizeso.com/BlogDetail.aspx?bid=fc339980-fd77-45dc-a840-5336b09de1ca Morgan Int'l HR certification]

2. Perfect Your Test Taking Skills

While mastering the data included in the HRCI body of data is an integral part of getting ready to take this exam, it is only on bit of what you need to do to prepare. Honing your test taking skills - specific to this exam - is a vital bit of the test preparation process. Make use of the test questions including within the learning system books as well as the online studying being an integral a part of your studying process.

Don't just rely on them to check your understanding, but focus on the process of thinking through what is being asked, eliminating wrong solutions to limit the options and applying your professional making decisions and critical thinking skills to reach the correct response. If you miss a question, don't just chalk up to making a bad decision and move on. Return with the materials to discover why another answer was better so that you end up with a deeper knowledge of the question and the answer.

3. Go Beyond Memorizing

The misguided belief that memorizing information and focus questions is sufficient for exam preparation is probably the biggest misconception that exists about PHR and SPHR exam preparation. You simply cannot memorize the right path into earning a PHR or SPHR certification. You will not see the same test questions you accustomed to study around the exam itself. The objective of the sample questions would be to teach you how to consider exam questions, not to offer you items to memorize. You'll have to do a lot of memorizing to prepare for that exam, but that's not enough.

You cannot become a certified HR professional based simply in your understanding of industry terminology and definitions or just being in a position to state the end result of landmark legal cases. In order to earn a PHR or SPHR certification, you must have the ability to take the information and data that the true human resource professional needs to have and put it on effectively to real-world situations using higher level critical thinking skills in order to earn your certification.