<h1>Viagra</h1>

Viagra has proved itself to be the most beneficial oral medicine for treatment of erectile dysfunction condition. However, so that you can lead a regular sexual life the despite the erectile dysfunction condition, an individual is to take Viagra sometimes which becomes highly-priced for an otherwise wholesome man. [http://www.viagra.gd viagra]

It isn't the denying truth that patented Viagra is actually a highly-priced medicine. As the patent of Viagra is owned by Pfizer who's the innovator, they've the chance to fix the price to generate very good the cost of study and development of the medicine.

Small medicine producers have devised solutions for this issue. They manufacture generic equivalents of a number of of the patented drugs on the other hand keep the cost of the generic medicines within the reach of the frequent citizens.

The system at present is so typical at the US that nearly fifty percent of patented drugs have their generic equivalents. Even insurance organizations insist their shoppers to resort to the generic medicines wherever out there as a way to maintain the medical bills low.

Generic Viagra, is such a generic medicine that is equally powerful like the patented Viagra nevertheless with down to earth cost. Only distinction is that you possibly can not use the exact same patented name for the generic drugs. For example generic equivalent of Viagra cannot be sold in the same name of Viagra.

The medical or generic name of patented Viagra is Sildenafil Citrate. So there can be no patent violation if the very same medicine is sold at the market at the name of Sildenafil Citrate or only Sildenafil or so as the generic Viagra.

The manufacturers of this generic Viagra didn't devote so much cash towards its development and they've only reproduced the formulation. As such the cost of generic Viagra is so inexpensive and reasonably priced to frequent man. You can't resist its sale. [http://www.cialis.vc cialis]

This may be the reason that, at the very least fifty percent of the patented medications have their generic equivalents. Viagra is no exception to this.