5 Benefits To Feeding Your Dog Premium Dog Food

The recent recall of commercial dog food manufactured by Menu Foods and other dog food companies continues to escalate as worried dog parents scurry for alternative, safe dog food choices.
With so many different dog food companies vying for your dog food dollar, how do you know which dog food to choose to keep your dog healthy? Do you choose dry, moist, or a combination of both? High protein, low protein, other nutrients, what exactly do you look for?

1. Making your own dog food is a real possibility. Home made dog food recipes abound right now in books and on the internet, but there are some important caveats to remember. Certain foods that humans eat can be harmful to dogs, and can even kill them if enough of the ingredient is eaten. Most of us know that chocolate is toxic to dogs, but did you also know that onions, large amounts of garlic, nutmeg, grapes, xylitol (an artificial sweetener) unripe tomatoes, fruit seeds and pits, and walnuts can all be fatal to dogs? Please research your ingredients and be aware before you begin cooking for your animals. Home made dog food and dog treats can be made nutritiously and safely, and they can avoid some of the lower quality by-products and chemicals that are in many of the mass-produced dog foods. Cooking for your dogs can be a very good thing.

If you suspect your dog's food may be giving him allergies, you can try feeding him a special diet to determine what is giving him trouble. The diet is composed of food that is scientifically created with very low-molecular-weight proteins. Proteins below a certain molecular weight are thought to be incapable of causing food allergies. You can find this food, in wet and dry formulas, online and at many veterinarians' offices. If after six weeks of feeding this special diet, you find that your dog's allergy symptoms are alleviated, it's safe to assume that his food is the cause of these symptoms.   To determine which ingredient is the culprit (usually by-products from meat and poultry sources), reinforce each one into the diet to see if your dog's symptoms recur. Check the ingredients list on your regular dog food label, and add each item-chicken, turkey, corn, bulgur wheat, potato or rice, for example into the special diet one at a time, every three weeks. At each meal, add ten percent of the test food to the bowl, and reduce the special diet by ten percent. Obviously, you won't be testing the chemicals but you can eliminate quite a few ingredients once you have determined which ones caused the allergy.   If your dog has no reaction to the added ingredients, the culprit is likely a chemical or by-product- which you will want to eliminate along with corn, wheat, sugar and salt from your dog's diet, indefinitely. Don't be surprised, however, if you find several ingredients cause a reaction. Once you have discovered the allergens, search out high-quality dog foods that do not contain these ingredients. Your dog may find an allergy-free or vet-recommended diet to be bland but a bland diet is better than a miserable dog! As long as he is drinking plenty of water, don't be alarmed of he doesn't take to it right away. When he gets hungry enough, he will venture into the new food for a nibble. Eventually, he will adjust to his new diet especially if you compensate with some yummy, allergy-free treats!

Have you ever seen dogs in the wild? Have you ever seen them in a natural habitat just as they were before man came along? Last time I looked at dogs in their natural habitat I do not remember the dogs using fires to overcook and dry out their meal. And they certainly did not spice it up with a toxic cocktail of unhealthy additives and preservatives.

The next point is the fact that dog food is broken into single and multiple protein products. What this means is that a single protein is one form of meat. Multiple proteins (such as beef and turkey) would be considered to be two or more meats. Some feel that there is no sensible reason to give an animal a single-protein food. With multiple protein sources, the dog gets several different amino acids from each meat product. By running two proteins in tandem in a dog food, the right amino acid mix is easier to make. Furthermore, multiple proteins mean that less fillers are required, less fillers means less bulk on your animal, and an easier product to digest.