Cartier: The Luxury Watch of Choice



Home of Cartier is the iconic leader within the production, manufacture and sales of probably the most luxurious and valuable timepieces in the civilized world. Why they've held it for over 160 years arrives in part to an uncompromising standard of quality occur place when apprentice Louis Francois-Cartier took over this masters business and workshop in 1847. It wasn't well before his expertise and attention to quality and detail made him among the best known jewelers of his time. His son, Alfred Cartier, succeeded his father in the industry in 1874, further establishing Cartier like a first class establishment for the monied elite. But, it wasn't until Cartier's grandsons, Pierre, Louis and Jacques took over the company it became a celebrity on its own, and also the name started to take pleasure in international fame.

Alfred Cartier is credited with making the very first men's wrist watch. This came about because the Brazilian pioneer aviator, Alberto Santos-Dumont, complained to uncle Alfred concerning the cumbersome impracticality of using a pocket watch while flying. In response for this, Alfred designed a flat watch having a square bezel. This watch was very well received not only by Santos-Dumont, but was named 'The Santos', and went on being the timepiece preferred by many of Cartier's illustrious clientele.

[http://www.foodbuzz.com/blogs/6111965-cartier-watches-the-top-5-cartier-watch-models youtube cartier watches]

By the time Cartier signed an agreement with Edmund Jaeger to exclusively give you the movements because of its watches (1907), with branches in Ny, St. Petersburg, and London they were rapidly becoming probably the most successful brands on the planet. In the early 1920's, Cartier formed a joint venture with Jaeger and the European Watch and Clock Company was created. Early models like the Tank, the Tortue, and also the Baignoire are still being produced to this day. This is what I am talking about when I make reference to Cartier watches as 'timeless'.

Today the Cartier corporation is really a subsidiary of Compagnie Financi?re Richemont SA. However, its distinguished history of being the jeweler of choice for Royalty, dignitaries, and celebrities hasn't waned. In fact, the Prince of Wales is known to have known Cartier as 'Joaillier des Rois, Roi des Joailliers' (Jeweller to Kings, King of Jewellers). Proof of the pinnacle of success achieved by the brand, Cartier has over 200 stores in additional than 125 countries with signature 'boutiques' in New York, Paris, Tokyo and London.

Throughout the years, Cartier has consistently produced watches of unparalleled excellence and luxury. It has developed many different classic collections because of its timepieces. Among them are Pasha de Cartier, Calibre de Cartier, Ligne 21 de Cartier, Santos de Cartier, Tonneau, and of course Tank and Baignoire. So, if you're in the market for an extraordinary bit of 'wrist candy', there is no doubt that Cartier has something in a single of their many collections to suit your fancy.