Cartier: The posh Watch of Choice



The House of Cartier may be the iconic leader in the production, manufacture and purchasers of some of the most luxurious and valuable timepieces within the western world. Why they have held it for more than 160 years is due in part to an uncompromising standard of quality occur place when apprentice Louis Francois-Cartier took over this masters business and workshop in 1847. It was not long before his expertise and focus on quality and detail made him one of the best known jewelers of his time. His son, Alfred Cartier, succeeded his father in the industry in 1874, further establishing Cartier as a first class establishment for the monied elite. But, it wasn't until Cartier's grandsons, Pierre, Louis and Jacques took within the company that it was a celebrity on its own, and also the name started to take pleasure in international fame.

Alfred Cartier is credited with making the very first men's watch. This came about because the Brazilian pioneer aviator, Alberto Santos-Dumont, complained to his friend Alfred about the cumbersome impracticality of using a pocket watch while flying. In reaction to this, Alfred designed a flat wrist watch having a square bezel. This watch was very well received not just by Santos-Dumont, but was named 'The Santos', and went on being the timepiece of choice for a lot of Cartier's illustrious clientele.

[http://www.quietwrite.com/writing/160049/cartier-watches-the-very-best-5-cartier-watch-models click here]

By the time Cartier signed an agreement with Edmund Jaeger to exclusively give you the movements because of its watches (1907), with branches in New York, St. Petersburg, and London these were rapidly becoming probably the most successful brands on the planet. In the early 1920's, Cartier formed some pot venture with Jaeger and the European Watch and Clock Company was born. Early models like the Tank, the Tortue, and the Baignoire are still in production even today. This is what I am talking about when I make reference to Cartier watches as 'timeless'.

Today the Cartier corporation is a subsidiary of Compagnie Financi?re Richemont SA. However, its distinguished history of being the jeweler of choice for Royalty, dignitaries, and celebrities has never waned. Actually, the Prince of Wales is known to have referred to Cartier as 'Joaillier des Rois, Roi des Joailliers' (Jeweller to Kings, King of Jewellers). Proof of the pinnacle of success achieved through the brand, Cartier has over 200 stores in additional than 125 countries with signature 'boutiques' in New York, Paris, Tokyo and London.

Throughout the years, Cartier has consistently produced watches of unparalleled excellence and luxury. It's developed many different classic collections for its timepieces. Included in this are Pasha de Cartier, Calibre de Cartier, Ligne 21 de Cartier, Santos de Cartier, Tonneau, and of course Tank and Baignoire. So, if you are in the market for an extraordinary bit of 'wrist candy', you can rest assured that Cartier has something in a single of their many collections to suit your fancy.