The Dilemma of Choosing Between Wooden Windows and PVC Windows



Obviously, wooden windows are manufactured from naturally occurring trees. PVC windows however, are manufactured from synthetic materials. Debates discussing which of these windows are more environmentally friendly are ongoing. Some environmentalists explain that the use of wood is the foremost option because it is renewable, biodegradable and does not contain harmful substances. But others disagree with the argument that cutting trees have greater negative impact because of massive tree cutting for industrial purposes.

Previously it had been safe enough to say that wooden windows had an edge over synthetic windows in terms of environmental hazard. It is because wooden windows are biodegradable. They are able to be either repaired or they can be converted into woodchips and recycled or discarded to rot away. On the other hand, most old PVC window frames can be sliced up and recycled back to window frames again.

Windows made of PVC do have other benefits along with their recycling capabilities. Modern and well manufactured windows made from PVC tend to be more energy efficient. Fuel is another non renewable resource. Thus, more energy efficient homes have lesser negative impact to the environment compared to those houses that need more heating. Wooden windows aren't known for their high energy efficiency. However, latest window technology has the capability to make them as energy-efficient as the synthetic windows. This is obviously coupled with the increase in price. One very good example of improved wooden window technology is double and triple glazed windows. These windows be capable to improve draughty rooms into more cosy and more energy-efficient rooms.

Low maintenance is yet another aspect that many PVC window makers are showcasing regarding their products. Unlike the wooden windows, PVC windows need not be painted and sanded to keep their original looks. They also do not rot, shrink and swell as a result to changes in climate conditions. However, much like a number of other things, these synthetic windows do deteriorate in the long run. Not every makes of those windows are resistant to the destructive work of nature. Low quality windows tend to deform from their original structure losing some of their basic functions for example insulation. What this means is cheap, as always, isn't the answer.

[http://www.tested.com/profile/jacksonmcneill45/blogs/253939/ wood windows]

Overall maintenance might be less to some extent with PVC windows, but this does not mean that they can remain completely alone. Regular cleaning maintenance can also be necessary. They have a tendency to amass more dirt and dust than the wooden types. If they're left because they are, some of their important parts such as jams and sashes can become defective.

Window life time is another aspect that's important to consider. At the moment, the general public has a common perception that synthetic windows keep going longer than timber windows. This can be explained through the very obvious reason, timbers rot. However, it's also a fact that very old houses remain today using their wooden windows still intact. Wooden windows rot but if maintained well, they can last for a very long time. Additionally, wood preservatives can be found which can surely boost the life time regardless of the sort of wood.

PVC windows will also be recognized to offer better security because of the inclusion of hi-tech locking system. But the downside within this aspect is the fact that some these windows aren't as sturdy as the wooden windows. Some are extremely aren't ideal for big windows or conservatory roofs. To achieve high security, stronger and heavier types are needed. Again, homeowners have to be prepared to spend more.

In terms of cost, windows produced in PVC are cheaper compared to wooden types. Even PVCU windows in traditional styles are still more affordable. The wonder and magnificence the more expensive version offer against the artificial look of the cheaper counterparts matters a lot too. Ultimately, homeowners have to base their decisions on which they want to achieve and how much they can manage to spend.