Do Fish Attractants Work



There is nothing more aggravating and frustrating than getting nibbles on your line all day long without ever obtaining a bite. This can have numerous fishermen flocking to the bait shop asking them questions about what the fish are biting on and how they are able to increase their cast to trap ratio. If you have been told about chemical fish attractants, you might wonder when they go a long way. You may even wonder how to attract fish without chemicals or disgusting smells.

Some fishermen do not like fish attractants simply because they may have had a bad experience. They are able to sometimes damage boat carpets or fiberglass finishes, if you do use them, be cautious and stick to the directions. If you do spill it or get it on yourself, be prepared to smell it for any long time. Some fish attractants will quickly wash away within the water, so take into account that when making your choice. Discover from locals which attractants will work best if you intend on buying one so that you do not waste your money.

Fish attractant scents and flavors can work very well. The reason is not too they actually attract fish, but camouflage your bait. Fish attractants mask your tackle making your bait smell less as if you or perhaps your tackle box and more like fish food. They create the bait taste more like something a fish would eat, often leading to less nibbles and more bites. So, fish attractants can work really well, but you still need to understand how to find the fish.

If you are thinking about attracting fish without chemicals or increasing the number of fish in your favorite spot, then you need to consider creating a good fish habitat. It's been a long-standing tradition to throw the Christmas tree off the pier in an effort to make more fish come. Giving fish some cover is an extremely good idea and works really well. A lot of natural cover such as grass, brush, fallen limbs and trees often rot out with time and lower natural habitats readily available for fish within the lake.

[http://ericpenson129.xanga.com/766310450/lure-attractant/ fish attractant]

Fish use habitats and cover to cover, hunt, live and breed in. The higher the fish, the bigger and the habitat needs to be. Without it, fish will stop hunting, eating and breeding, thus killing off a lake population. You can attract fish to a certain area while providing a great habitat for them. The Christmas tree may be beneficial and works well as a fish habitat, but don't forget that it will rot within the water, therefore it is not a permanent solution. Also, Christmas trees are great for catching hooks!

Try other structures that mimic natural habitats, like honey hole trees. They can attract big fish, encourage them to eat healthy plus they give the big ones a good area to reproduce and hide their eggs. With the right chemical and natural fish attractants, you can have probably the most successful fishing connection with your life.