iPhone 5
The iPhone 5 is definitely an upcoming phone from Apple which will be the successor to the popular iPhone 4S. This means it'll have large shoes to fill if it is likely to impress us all again so since there continues to be no news as of yet, all of the experts and anyone else alike are speculating in regards to what Apple includes within their latest smartphone release.
You will find rumours that have been believed to came from Apple staff that the iPhones trademark 3.5 inch screen is going to get a revamp to over 4 inches to contend with all the new smartphones available on the market. It's also stated that they're going to be getting rid of the square edges of the apple iphone 4 and going back to the earlier designs having a curved surface. This ought to be a thrilling change which will take it back ahead of the competition.


[http://www.testiphone5.net/ test iphone 5]

Several people have speculated that the only way to top the 4S along with other competitors would be to go 3D by using curved 3D glass. This really is backed by Apple’s supposed buying of 300 glass cutting machines, meaning if this is true it may be an exciting development in the iPhone and smartphone as a whole.
Your camera for the iPhone must be nearly as good if not better than other smartphones so it's suspected that it will feature an 8MP camera which is in a position to film in 1080p.

[http://peerfly.com/x/0/3604/82434/ free iphone 5]

Probably the most speculated features of the iPhone 5 may be the processor. The A5 processor is said to be probably the most likely choice for the iPhone 5 because it is at the 4S. This is a dual core processor. It also appears like they'll double the RAM to keep up with phones like the Samsung galaxy s3 which are becoming small computers.
It appears as though SIRI is going to be back and many likely better using the new iPhone because it would be a major selling point for the iPhone 4S. Additionally, it appears like it will likely be made more in tune using the IOS 5 update including gesture based interface. 

[http://peerfly.com/click.php?img=0&amp;id=3604&amp;pf=82434&amp;subid=&amp;subid2=&amp;subid3=&amp;email new iphone 5]

The new iPhone has to top all the smartphones available on the market to keep its place at the very top and speculators believe there are many changes to the design Apple can make to make sure it will just this. That's the reason it looks like the iPhone will be the innovative and interesting iPhone up to now and maybe phone all around.