Tweet Adder Tutorial - Finding Individuals to Follow on Twitter



The Tweet Adder software has a very powerful search function that permits you to find people to follow on Twitter.

Whenever you open up Tweet Adder, you select the search tab. You will find the option of different search types. You can search by tweet keywords, by profile date, by user location, by the followers of another user, or through the those who are following another user.

If you wish to search by someone's Tweet keywords, you decide on the option and kind within the particular keywords you intend to search by within the keywords window. You can also narrow your search through the user's location, how recent their last tweet was and also the language that you simply desire to search by.

Searching by profile data is another powerful strategy for finding targeted Twitter followers. In your Twitter account, you can enter a short review of who you are and what you're interested in. This becomes a part of your profile biography. Through Tweet Adder, you're able to search for certain keywords in user's profile data or bios. You select the 'Search by Profile Data' option as well as in the search options section you enter the keyword that you would like to search for. You can look for phrases such as 'SEO', 'Internet marketing' or 'blogger' - something that is relevant for your niche. You can also further narrow your search through the user's location, the amount of followers they have, the amount of people they are following and also the number of updates they've already made.

[http://www.crippen.ws/tweet-adder tweet adder]

Searching by location is comparatively simple - you just select the search by location option, then type in the location you wish to search by. You can narrow your search to become within a certain distance of that location as well as by the language they use and also the time elapsed since their latest tweet. This method can be particularly useful should you run a business that services a particular geographic area. It allows you to target Twitter users that live within that one area.

The final two options allow you to search by the followers of some other user, as well as search by the people the Twitter user is following. There might be another Twitter user who services the same niche while you. Simply enter their Twitter username into the appropriate field in Tweet Adder and also the search will give you a list of their followers. Alternatively, you'll find the folks they are following and select to follow them also.

Once you've selected your research criteria and hit the search button, a brand new window will open displaying the results of the search. The simplest move to make is to select all of the user IDs and click on the 'Save All' button. This can automatically import these user IDs into Tweet Adder and the program will begin to follow them in line with the limits you've already set. Alternatively, you could save the outcomes like a text file and import this into Tweet Adder at a later date.

The search function in Tweet Adder is very powerful and allows you to quickly find targeted folks Twitter that you can follow.