the spending of Mainla chanel replica handbags 
Local luggage will enter the quality in addition to efficiency on the development step 2008 travel luggage industry forum to pass the modern information shows that the household luggage industry after having a number-oriented stage of advancement, will the stage regarding development of the coffee quality and efficiency, the brand can become major of competition available in the market. With 2008, China's travel luggage industry enterprises over designated size manufacturing output value 66. 8 million yuan, sales approximately 15% from the leather business; exports twelve. 94 tera- U. S i9000. us dollars, accounting to get 34% from the leather sector.
Gold colored Week overseas to obtain luxury things of the people to enjoy 24 thousand This morning, the earth Luxury Connections released the the year of 2011 "Golden Week" ingestion abroad analysis. The report shows that this particular year's "Golden Week" 7 days, the actual exit of the Oriental (including Hk, Macao along with Taiwan regions), eating luxury things accumulated about 2 . 6 tera- euros (about all day and thousand yuan), that is certainly comparable to the home market, the luxury of ninety days consumer products total. The planet Luxury Connections pointed out that the particular Chinese people outside of the desire to have eating at the very least triple higher than at home. Common use of 2000-8000 local currency World Luxury Organization report shows that while in "Golden Week" away from Chinese visitors to buy high-class goods
[http://www.chanel-bagsprices.com chanel bags for sale,prices]