Nicki Minaj Bio



Every new artist has their own story to talk about how they going in the industry and just how they were discovered. Though some were directly because of the opportunity to end up part of the but most of these have to go through various challenges or need to join some talent shows for example American Idol. While others are fortunate to acquire success without experiencing any hardship, Nicki Minja has to experience a lot of the challenges before she become successful in the industry.

Onika Maraj, that is now referred to as Nicki Minaj, is a native of Southside Jamaica, Queens, New York where she grew up and went to school. She finished her education as a high school student at LaGuardia High School, the place where she learned how you can sing and how to act. It is also the place where she realized what she wanted on her life and what she desired to become. She continued studying her music while working as an administrative assistant. During her spare time she devote it in learning and writing music hoping that someday what she has written is going to be heard by other people.

[http://neighborsville.com/posts/11982 nicki minaj booty]

She was handed the chance to perform but as a background vocals. Only because she wants more than just a background vocal career she chose to leave the audience and try to perform solo. Fortunately, her hard work takes care of when she is discovered in MySpace through the CEO of Dirty Money and offered her an agreement to perform underneath the Dirty Money Label making her the front from the company. Being discovered doesn't really end there because the challenge for Nicki is just beginning. Though she was signed under the Dirty Money Label, she wasn't instantly given the opportunity to release her very own album. She was initially because of the chance to do mix CD wherein she caused several artists. After a few discharge of mix CDs, this season Nicki is placed to produce her first album. She already released her first single entitled "Massive Attack" that will be followed by "Your Love."

[http://audrajames960.podomatic.com/entry/2012-08-03T11_29_19-07_00 nicki minaj quotes]

Nicki owes the success that they is experiencing right now to her mother who pushed her to pursue her dreams and not stopped believing. Though she no more has her mother together with her, she still believes that wherever she might be, her mother is happy with what she has achieved and will also be achieving in the future. The secret of her success started with hard work and with her dedication to perform well. She believes when you will keep to dream and believe you will surely attain the success that you would like.

Now, Nicki is getting ready to launch her album next June and a lot of her fans are already anticipating onto it. She was a role model to numerous individuals and an inspiration to those who're already losing hope. Her music as well as pure talent is her key to conquer the field of music. Hip-Hop is now on its modern and Nicki is an instrument from it.