Porn - Here's How To Get Your Woman To look at "Naughty Movies" Along with you



Most men tend to really like PORN MOVIES. Heck, I believe that somewhat "adult movies" are partly responsible for this current generation of men not being able to satisfy their women within the bedroom.

The thing is, when you have sex together with your woman it's a visual and auditory experience - much like porn. However, unlike porn - when you have sex together with your woman there are more senses involved, those being FEEL, SMELL and TASTE.

Basically, I believe that after men watch too much porn - they become just a few the things they see and listen to. Then, when they have "real sex" with their woman, they are not tuned in enough as to the they feel, smell and taste.

So Be cautious WITH PORN.

With that said, it may be fun to watch NAUGHTY movies together with your woman - but you have to go about this the right way (and many men don't).

To begin with - if you're not giving the lady vaginal and multiple orgasms each time you have sex - DO NOT watch porn with her. The key reason why happens because in case your woman sees a lady porn star getting a lot more sexual satisfaction on the watch's screen than you are giving her - your woman is likely to feel confused, annoyed and maybe even angry along with you!

So, get the sex working properly together with your woman before you decide to try to watch porn together with her.

However, if you are giving the lady mind-blowing sex - you can watch porn with her occasionally.

Here Is How To obtain Your Woman To look at "Naughty Movies" Along with you

[http://www.18handjobs.com/ Handjob tube]

There is definitely something kinky and a little naughty in regards to you and your woman "getting it on"; whilst you are watching others "get it on" in a porn movie.

And women like to GET NAUGHTY - so this could be powerful.

The best way to get the woman to look at porn with you would be to choose the kind of porn you watch together with her cautiously.

The thing is, we guys are usually happy watching any porn, so long as the woman (or women) is extremely attractive. We also tend to like to watch Lesbian porn.

However, your woman is a bit more picky with regards to what porn will turn her on. Here is what nearly all women wish to watch:

They want to watch porn with a Narrative. Plus they want that narrative to be a little naughty, just a little wrong and a little perverse.

We guys don't mind if the porn actors just start making love when the scene starts.

BUT - the lady really wants to see FOREPLAY within the porn that you watch with her; just like she wants you to definitely give her foreplay before you have relations with her (you do give the lady foreplay, right?).

So, allow me to help much YOU OUT by giving you ideas from the kind of porn and story lines that the woman will most likely find a switch on:

- Naughty school girl being called towards the headmaster's office and then getting "punished" to be a bad girl

- Anything very artistic (women like those movies in which the guys where masks and the women where leather cat-suits in which the crotch unzips and anything else stays on)

- A woman takes her car in for a service, then realises she's nothing to pay - so she pays the workers in the garage in "another way"

Do you get this?

Would you see how your woman's mind works?

Women want the porn using the REALLY NAUGHTY story lines that slowly eventually get to sex. They do not want to look at the porn that jumps straight into sex simply because they think it is boring.

So, if you want to get the woman to watch porn with you...

- Utilize it rarely (once every Six to eight weeks). Do not start trying to watch porn with your woman every evening

- Choose porn that your woman will like (clever, naughty, slightly perverse, "wrong" story lines)

- Be certain that you're giving the lady incredible sex BEFORE you start to introduce porn home. If you aren't giving your woman vaginal and multiple orgasms each time you've sex with, have that happening before you decide to think about porn.

More than anything - your woman wants you to definitely give her ORGASMS. Remember that.