Electronic Cigarettes - A Healthier Option to Smoking



There is a completely new invention that everyone who smokes should know about. It's known as the electronic cigarette, also known as a smokeless cigarette or e-cigarette, which is changing the legal landscape for cigarette smokers around the world.

The patented Electronic Cigarette offers to effectively simulate the expertise of smoking a real cigarette, without any of the health or legal issues surrounding traditional cigarettes.

While Electronic cigarettes look, feel and taste similar to traditional cigarettes, they function very differently. The thing is, electric cigarettes do not actually burn any tobacco, but rather, when you inhale from an e-cigarette, you activate a "flow censor" which releases a water vapor containing nicotine, propylene glycol, and a scent that simulates the flavor of tobacco. All of which simply means that electric cigarettes allow you to get your nicotine fix while avoiding all the carcinogens found in traditional cigarettes such as tar, glue, countless additives, and hydrocarbons.

[http://community.babycenter.com/journal/philwright350/5208928/e-cigarette buy electronic cigarettes]

And also being healthier than traditional cigarettes, and maybe most significantly of all, is the fact that electric cigarettes are completely legal. Because Electronic cigarettes do not involve tobacco, you are able to legally smoke them anywhere that traditional cigarettes are prohibited such as bars, restaurants, the work place, even on airplanes. Furthermore, electric cigarettes permit you to smoke without any fears of inflicting harm on others due to nasty smoke.

The refillable cartridges come in numerous flavors in addition to nicotine strengths. You will get regular, menthol, even apple and strawberry flavored cartridges and nicotine strengths come in full, medium, light, and none. While electronic cigarettes are technically a "smoking alternative" as opposed to a quitting smoking device, the plethora of nicotine strengths offers some obvious potential being an assisted in the ones tries to quit smoking and seems to be proving popular within that market.

The good thing regarding electric cigarettes as apposed to express, nicotine patches, is the fact that e-cigarettes make the same tactile sensation and oral fixation that smokers desire, while satisfying ones tobacco cravings too. Whenever you have a drag from n electronic cigarette you actually have the your lungs fill having a warm tobacco flavored smoke and when you exhale the smoke billows out of your lungs just like regular smoking, however, as mentioned, that smoke is really a much healthier water vapor that quickly evaporates and therefore does not offend anyone in the immediate vicinity.

While electric cigarettes have been around for some time in various incarnations, it's been recent advances within the technology as well as ever increasing restrictions against smoking which have propelled the e-cigarette into a new found popularity. If you're thinking about a healthier option to smoking, or if you simply want to have the liberty to smoke whenever and wherever you want, an electronic cigarette might be the solution you've been searching for.