Inside Legal Shield: A Critical 3rd Party Review



About Legal Shield

Legal Shield is a company founded in 1972 by entrepreneur and visionary, Harland Stonecipher. Mr. Stonecipher founded the company after being involved in a serious vehicle accident. Although he had auto insurance to assist in his vehicle damage as well as health insurance to cover his hospital bills, he was completely unprepared for the legal expenses he quickly incurred.

Mr. Stonecipher quickly realized that even though United States has long had among the world's innovative legal systems offering "justice for all", quite often that justice comes at a significant steep price the average American unfortunately struggles to pay for.

He chose to create a solution and thereby offer top legal services to Americans everywhere in a fraction of what those same services would normally cost. Pre-Paid Legal Services was created.

The organization expanded quickly and being listed on the New York Stock Exchange where it was a consistent top performer. In June of 2011, Stonecipher and the shareholders completed the sale and managerial transfer of the company to Midocean Partners, making it a privately owned company for the first time inside a while.

The choice to re-brand and rename the organization, Legal Shield, was officially announced at the company's convention in Dallas, Texas on September 10, 2011. Legal Shield provides its services throughout the Usa as well as in 4 Canadian provinces.

Legal Shield Service Summary

Legal Shield services are available on a month-to-month basis. Members have access to a multitude of service offerings which are tailored specifically for their needs. For $26 a month, probably the most popular plans the organization offers members is called the Family Plan. It offers members with 5 main regions of coverage.

The first section of coverage is preventive legal services. Members receive use of premier lawyers in their state for unlimited phone consultations. Members can have wills prepared for them as well as letters or phone calls written or placed on their behalf through the law firm.

[http://www.yapperz.com/matthewstanton04457/blog/the-law-as-a-shield-protect-yourself-and-your-business/ legal shield]

The 2nd area coverage is for automobile incidents. Members are able to receive representation and consultation for moving traffic violations and for incidents of manslaughter, involuntary manslaughter, negligent homicide, along with other vehicular homicide charges.

The third coverage area is trial defense. Members receive 75 hours of their law firm's time for civil or criminal suit consultation and representation. Additional hours are available in a significant discount from the law firms' regular hourly rate.

The fourth area is IRS audit coverage. Members have access to as much as 50 hours of a tax attorney's assistance in case they're audited through the IRS.
The fifth section of coverage provides members with a 25 percent discount from the law firm's regular hourly rate for legal issues that don't fall within the four regions of coverage.

Legal Shield also provides its members 24/7 use of an attorney should they be detained by police, be involved in an auto accident, etc.

Another one of Legal Shields more popular services is its Identity Theft Shield. For any fee every month this service provides continual monitoring of the member's credit profile in addition to full forensic restoration services just in case their identity is compromised.

[http://blog.bizeso.com/BlogDetail.aspx?bid=d3cd69bc-8271-4dc9-b559-59f1176304c9 legal shield]

Compensation

Legal Shield markets its services via a diverse network of business affiliates referred to as independent associates. In order to enroll as an associate you have to pay a 1 time fee of $249. The organization provides ads, support, as well as on going training.

Legal Shield pays advanced commissions on the sale of its membership plans.These upfront bonuses can be very lucrative allowing associates to generate large commissions paid every day. Legal Shield associates also have the ability to recruit other associates to market the company's services and recruit associates. Associates are able to earn commission overrides around the sales efforts of these within their personal sales organisations.

The Missing Piece

The Legal Shield financial opportunity provides associates having a fantastic chance to build a lucrative home-based business and achieve financial independence. However, just like any business enterprise an associate's likelihood of success are proportional to effort and effort in order to achieve maximum results.

Although Legal Shield may sometimes provide its associates with potential prospects or leads the truth is that the majority of an associate's responsibility is to find new customers and sales associates on their own. This presents numerous challenges for just about any associate especially those who've not had the opportunity to grow a business beyond their friends and family members.

However, using the dramatic rise of the internet, Legal Shield associates can now equip themselves with dynamic new internet marketing strategies and approaches that can help them grow a successful Legal Shield business without needing to chase family and friends around. Mastering internet marketing strategies is a critical component to success in Legal Shield as well as for many associates it is the "missing piece" to achieving positive results with this particular company.