How Professional Degree Supports GAMSAT Preparation

Many students wonder how their UG degree can help preparing for GAMSAT. The majority of the students prefer choosing biomedical science or biological science. You will find candidates who believe only on the biology majors to pursue medicine. I must highlight the option we have from professional degrees. Even professional degree helped these to score well in GAMSAT.

You may think how it can be possible. Let us see how it can help in writing the GAMSAT.

GAMSAT has three sections. Each section deals with different subjects. Candidates from any major got the opportunity to become a doctor through this test. It is the standardized exam tests the reasoning and problem solving skills from the candidates. Just the basic subject knowledge will be tested. It is the successful entrance test helps the med schools and universities to select the possibility candidates for medicine. It has become well-liked by the scholars and the graduates.

I would like to share how engineering could help in GAMSAT preparation.

The way it works well for section 1?

Engineering helps a great deal in Section One and three mainly using the problem solving questions. Section 1 has questions related to humanities and social science. This contains many general knowledge questions. Also it contains questions that test your reasoning and analyzing ability.

The issue solving and analytical skills from engineering were generally useful for the section I. Speed reading seemed to be a great advantage with this section. Engineers are habituated to speed readers already. They don't must find difficulties in reading page long passages.

[http://www.ourstage.com/profile/etrsculuabpf/blog/1 gamsat video]

The way it helps in Section 3?

I've gone through many conversations between engineers who felt GAMSAT easy. I would like to list out the answers below

It shows how their graduation helped them to perform well in the GAMSAT.

"I did my degree in Civil Engineering, and in high school, I didn't do biology whatsoever.

The physics questions about velocity, acceleration, and magnetic fields, etc, were simple for me, without having to spend too much time on it. And many engineering degrees need a certain level of organic / inorganic chemistry. I discovered that high school chemistry was enough to get me through section 3 having a 61."

Another candidate's GAMSAT experience says, "Looking at test performance on the macro-level, I discovered that I had the ability to work through the issues efficiently and accurately, which with my case is directly a direct result how engineering was taught in my experience."

How will you face section 2?

Section 2 was not the best for engineering graduates. One of the candidates says, "I thought I was a goner for SII, as I wrote the essays as I would a practical report. It seems that the graders liked it, and that i got a 68."

Engineering supports your GAMSAT preparation with the sections.