Network Marketing - How to Build Your Zeek Rewards Business Fast



If you have joined Zeek Rewards, then I need to say congratulations! Now now you ask ,, how do you construct your business very quickly? Zeek Rewards is a business which pays you to advertise their online penny auctions.

Many people would believe that they need to sponsor a lot of people underneath them first to make money. In most actuality, should you sponsor a lot of people first and never get customers that ultimately isn't sustainable. A true pyramid scheme is about recruiting distributors rather than customers and not using a legit product, with Zeek Rewards the product is bids to the online penny auctions.

Zeek Rewards is all about getting visitors or traffic to their online penny auction website. As a Zeek affiliate, your main goal is to purchase as numerous sample bids as you can and provide them. You want as many people as possible to register through your connect to get free bids. Your primary focus should not be on attempting to recruit individuals to do the business. Your primary focus should be to get as numerous free bids as possible and provide these to people.

[http://lilliankennedy15.bravejournal.com/entry/103047 zeek rewards truth multi level marketing]

Three steps to success in Zeek Rewards

The first thing you should be trying to do would be to purchase as many sample bids as possible. Many people aren't looking to enroll in a home based business. Most people would, however, like some free samples. So rather than attempting to recruit as numerous people as possible speak with, try to provide them with some free bids to the online penny auctions.

The second step is giving as numerous bids as possible. Family, friends, social networking, and posting ads are the most useful possiblity to accomplish this. I would also make some flyers and pass them out out and about as well. Nobody will pass up something they could possibly get free of charge. Most people, however, would pass up "work at home" and "business opportunities."

The third step is actually the most crucial. The 3rd step would be to post your daily ad and submit it to your back-office. That's the reason and how you are getting paid. If you don't post your everyday ad, then you definitely won't receive money your daily rewards.

Success in Zeek Rewards

Should you choose the 3 aforementioned steps, then you'll flourish in Zeek Rewards. You will see your daily VIP points balance grow and your income is simply based on the total amount. Also make sure you repurchase amount is placed to 80/20. That means 80% of your daily rewards is going back into the business and you're simply taking home 20% of the income.