Easy Recipes - Three Easy Avocado Recipes



Do you prefer to eat avocados? Are you looking for new and simple recipes for them? Read this article for super easy, and incredibly tasty recipes!

Easy Recipe 1: Guacamole

Everybody loves guacamole, the very tasty avocado dip. The good thing is that it is very easy to make. You just need several avocados, garlic, salt, pepper and lime juice.

Just peel and mash avocado, put the garlic the garlic with the garlic press, add garlic, lime juice, salt and pepper to the avocado and mix. How simple is the fact that?

Once you perfect the easy guacamole, you may make many different types of guacamole with the addition of other ingredients to it. You can include chopped onions, chopped scallions, chopped tomatoes or chopped cilantro into it.

Another way to make guacamole is to add lemon juice to avocados instead of lime juice.

[http://blog.bizeso.com/BlogDetail.aspx?bid=9bbda429-13aa-4232-bbd1-3213f40b2c66 avocado salad]

Serve your guacamole with corn chips and revel in.

Easy Recipe 2: Avocado Salads With Citrus

Looking for more avocado recipes? Avocados pair very well with citrus juice, for example lime juice or fresh lemon juice. And they pair really well with citrus slices, such as orange slices inside a salad.

Create a salad having a spring mix, avocado, slices of orange and red onion. You can dress it very simply, having a little bit of fresh lemon juice, salt and pepper. The color combination is very vibrant and this avocado salad tastes great too.

Easy Recipe 3: Avocado Salads With Tomato

One more of our great avocado recipes! Avocados also pair well great with tomatoes and onions. Another easy avocado salad recipe is really as follows.

Peel and chop avocado. Chop onions, tomatoes, and cilantro. Mix all of them together, dress very simply with lime juice, salt, and pepper and serve.