Win Freestyle Rap Battles - How to Freestyle Rap Diss



If you wish to win freestyle rap battles, then look at this. Become familiar with how you can freestyle rap diss.

One of the most common and popular way to flow inside your rap battles is by using your memory. Today we'll discuss this process and see how it fits in with your flow.

One thing to understand is that this is a superb way to freestyle rap. When you flow using your memory, you are actually saying things that you've previously thought about saying. Basically when you are using your memory, you've previously planned what you're likely to say and then you say it from memory when the time comes to say it.

This process is not only using your memory. You're actually thinking and freestyling. You actually thing of the items you want to say and then the words that you remember. This is the original way to freestyle and from the lyrical standpoint is a great method to battle, because the rhyming is generally fantastic.

[http://www.directorise.com/listing/140120-No-Holds-Barred-How-you-can-Rap-Battle-Just-like-a-Beast.html Moment of Truth]

As great as this method is, it also has some drawbacks. Your rhymes may sound stilted and various because if you're not careful, you may be forcing the words plus they won't rhyme correctly using the flow.

Another drawback to the memory method is which you may forget that which you would say. Unfortunately, at these times you might find that you have places of silence inside your flow. The interruptions inside your flow could also interrupt your battles, putting you in a disadvantage throughout the battle.

So always make sure that you use your memory along with making use of your senses as well as your feelings, so that if you encounter any interruptions you'll have something to help you fill in the spaces.