Paper Types for Digital Large-Format Printing



Digital large-format printing is a professional process of printing in large sized material which were created through desktop publishing programs along with other digital means. Posters, banners, murals, and advertising signs are the most common items which use this method. If you want to use this printing method, you should know the various kinds of paper which you can use with this process. This will help you make professionally looking printed materials.

Before you choose your printing paper, one important thing you have to pay attention to is what type of document you need to create. You have to know how you'll use the document.

Bond paper and copy paper are available in large sizes beginning with 11 inches by 17 inches. These kinds of paper vary in brightness and thickness. If the document's likely to be displayed, lamination is usually done after printing to preserve the material since it can be easily ripped or damaged. Most people use the smaller variety of this paper for everyday documents.

Offset lithography papers, whether coated or uncoated, aren't advisable for regular- and large-format digital printing. Due to the high moisture content of this kind of paper, it winds up wrinkled when used for digital printing. Carbonless papers, however, are only able to be used for digital printing and never for other printing processes. Each unit contains encapsulated dyes, that are released when passed with the printer. This leads to transferring the images in one sheet to another.

[http://www.wheretogetengaged.com/blog/read/217097 wide format paper]

There's also all-purpose papers, that can be used for all types of printers including digital, offset and inkjet. You can also utilize them for copiers and fax machines. They also come in wide sizes for printing materials in large format.

Rag bonds and recycled papers cost more than the usual printing papers. Rag bonds are manufactured from a mixture of wood and cotton fibers. Recycled papers may come from post-consumer or industrial waste. Since these two types of paper goods are textured, most people include the paper's surface included in the overall design.

Prints that are needed to be installed on window, walls, posts, and other surfaces to make them look like murals use self-adhesive photo papers. They are available in indoor and outdoor types. The very best ones absorb the digital printer properly and can be also removed and repositioned.

Should you need digital large-format printing for your next project, be sure you know which paper to use to get the best results.