= Overview =

Travis CI is a hosted, distributed continuous integration service used to build and test software projects hosted at [[GitHub]].

See also [[Travis CI Design]].

= Travis CI Account for PKI =

PKI uses two Travis accounts:
* unmerged patches are built in https://travis-ci.org/pki-jenkins-bot/pki
* merged patches are built in https://travis-ci.org/dogtagpki/pki

Optional environment variables:
* IMAGE_REPO: dogtagpki/pki-ci

To configure environment variables, go to More options -> Settings.

It is suggested to set up your own Travis CI account to prevent bugs from entering into official build. See [[Personal Travis CI build]].

= Travis CI Containers for PKI =

Dockerfiles are stored at https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki-ci/tree/master/docker.

PKI uses two containers:
* one container to build PKI and run PKI tests
* one container to run IPA tests

See also [[CI Containers]].

= Travis CI Configuration for PKI =

Travis CI configuration is located at https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/blob/master/.travis.yml.

= Troubleshooting =

== Build Failure ==

If the build fails, the Travis job may not stop immediately, but it may cause secondary problems such as:

* dnf install shows usage
* pkispawn: command not found

If the above error appears in the log, find the following line in the log:

 $ docker exec -ti ${CONTAINER} ${SCRIPTDIR}/10-compose-rpms

Expand the line:

 Runing compose_pki_core_packages rpms.
 Build log will be posted to transfer.sh
 Uploading build log to transfer
 https://transfer.sh/rSzSe/pkitravis.txt

Open the URL to inspect the build log. If there is a problem with the patch, submit a new patch (i.e. via [[Gerrit]]).

== Network Failure ==

Sometimes the build may fail due to network issues, for example:

 $ docker pull ${IMAGE}
 f26_105: Pulling from dogtagpki/pki-ci
 No output has been received in the last 10m0s, this potentially indicates a stalled build or something wrong with the build itself.
 Check the details on how to adjust your build configuration on: https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/common-build-problems/#Build-times-out-because-no-output-was-received
 The build has been terminated

If this happens before merging the patch, add a "recheck" comment in [[Gerrit]] to rerun the build.
If this happens after merging the patch, rerun the build in Travis.

== Jenkins CI Failure ==

Sometimes the build may fail due to [[Jenkins CI]] issues, for example:

 $ git clone --depth=50 --branch=bot_20180126-085916_9 https://github.com/pki-jenkins-bot/pki.git pki-jenkins-bot/pki
 Cloning into 'pki-jenkins-bot/pki'...
 warning: Could not find remote branch bot_20180126-085916_9 to clone.
 fatal: Remote branch bot_20180126-085916_9 not found in upstream origin

If this happens, add a "recheck" comment in [[Gerrit]] to rerun the build.

= References =

* [[Continuous Integration]]
* [[COPR]]
* [[Container]]
* [https://travis-ci.org Travis CI]
* [https://docs.travis-ci.com/ Travis CI Documentation]
* [https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/environment-variables/ Environment Variables]
* [https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/customizing-the-build/ Customizing the Build]
* [[Personal_Travis_CI_build | Personal Travis CI build]]
* [https://travispy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/ TravisPy]