The three Sad Truths About Internet Porn



Using the rise of porn on the Internet, many "free" web filters also began showing up. If you've ever used one of these free filters you'll know that they're rubbish. And most of them have lacking features you need to purchase to use. So ultimately you end up spending money on what you thought you were getting into the first place! Presently there are 3 reasons why free porn blockers are a total waste of time, and I'm going to share all of them with you.

Are They Really "Free"?

Most "no cost" web filters don't present all of the features it promised initially. It's basically a marketing tool, to provide you with "a taste" of the items the particular filter is about. And after using this "incomplete" porn blocker, they'll start suggesting that you purchase bonus packs along with other additional software. You may not realize this, however the porn industry is a big industry. They have been in this business a long time, and they know precisely how you can design their adult content to slip "under the nets" of web filters, as well as a FREE ones! They will use various methods of getting their content onto your computer... without using an internet site. All they require offers some misspelled URLs, email links, and Pop-ups to dump their trash on your desktop. These are just a number of the basic tactics that porn industries use to entice men and boys. So what's the use of downloading a free web-filtering software?

[http://amazonas.fzi.de/mpwiki/index.php?title=User:KeiserLachapelle458 Handjob tube]

Ineffective Website Blocking

There aren't any guarantees that the web filter can block all porn because hey, it's free! Should you have had a filter that blocked out sites containing only mature words and porn company names, all of the porn workers need to do is misspell their site's website name (as mentioned above), or they might simply give their site a neutral name like "White House". The keyword "Playboy" would obviously get blocked, but a keyword like "White House"... absolutely not.

File Sharing Sites

A totally free porn blocker is not able to block file-sharing websites. What is a file sharing site, and why do you have to block them? File-sharing sites are where people can come and download free music, videos, games, and almost anything else that's downloadable. But these sites are illegal. They contain free music that somebody else taken care of (the same thing goes for movies). So if you can download just about anything at file-sharing sites, then what about porn movie clips? Absolutely.

Now you can observe why free web filters are surely a waste of time. There is however more not so good news. Most of the "paid" (yes paid) porn blockers are just as bad as if it were a totally free one. They can't stop the examples mentioned above. So what will you caused by protect your loved ones?