PS3 Blu-Ray Problems - How you can Fix Them



One of the most complicated parts on the PS3 is the Blu-ray player. In part, the reason being it's a sophisticated piece of technology, that permits you to use the console to experience the very best in PS3 games and also to watch movies too all in amazing high definition quality. However, like many bits of sophisticated technology, the Blu-ray player is sort of fragile and is prone to develop problems. This is particularly true if you are an avid gamer and employ your PS3 a lot.

So, what are some of the common causes of PS3 Blu-ray problems and how can you fix them? One of the most frequent issue that arises may be the PS3 Blu-ray player gets out of alignment. This could happen when the unit is accidentally dropped, as well as during particularly intense action. You can sometimes actually hear the disc making an odd noise when spinning whether it continues to be knocked out of alignment. However, do not despair should this happen. A great PS3 repair guide can instruct you on how you can check and ensure the PS3 Blu-ray player is aligned properly, or re-align it if necessary.

[http://agilecoachesgathering.org/index.php?title=User:KoonsKelsey18 Playstation 3 Blu Ray Repair]

Another common reason for PS3 Blu-ray problems is dust or dirt develop. Many of the a problem if there is dirt around the lens, and if so, you will have to clean the Blu-ray lens. It is quite easy to clean the lens yourself using the right tools and instructions. However, if you don't understand what you are doing it is simple to damage the unit. To begin, you should acquire some Blu-Ray lens cleaner, which frequently will come with detailed instructions to be used. However, to clean the Blu-ray lens within the PS3 additionally, you will need to open the unit and understand how to remove and reinstall the player. To assist with this process, a PS3 home repair manual will be very useful.

Finally, another PS3 Blu-ray problem you may encounter is by using the laser itself. In such cases, you may want to actually replace the laser. This is a fairly rare problem, and if your PS3 continues to be under warranty you can send it to Sony to become repaired. However, if it is not under warranty anymore, and you do not have the $150 to repair the unit, is also easy to purchase the parts (around $30) and make the repairs yourself.