= Installing VisualVM =

[https://visualvm.github.io/download.html Download] VisualVM, then unpack it:

<pre>
$ wget https://github.com/visualvm/visualvm.src/releases/download/2.0.1/visualvm_201.zip
$ unzip visualvm_201.zip
</pre>

= Running VisualVM =

<pre>
$ cd visualvm_201/bin
$ ./visualvm
</pre>

= Enabling JMX Port =

Select a port for JMX connection (e.g. 8010). If [[SELinux]] is enabled, enable the SELinux port:

<pre>
$ semanage port -a -t http_port_t -p tcp 8010
</pre>

Define the following Java system properties in Tomcat configuration.
For [https://github.com/dogtagpki/pki/wiki/PKI-Systemd-Service PKI Systemd Service], the Tomcat configuration is in /etc/sysconfig/pki-tomcat.
For standalone PKI server, the Tomcat configuration is in /etc/pki/pki-tomcat/tomcat.conf.

<pre>
JAVA_OPTS="-Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.port=8010 -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.ssl=false -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.authenticate=false"
</pre>

Restart the server.

= Connecting to PKI Server =

In VisualVM open File -> Add JMX Connection, enter PKI server's hostname and JMX port, e.g. server.example.com:8010.
The server will appear under Remote.

= Monitoring PKI Server Machine =

Open Remote -> <hostname>. It will open a panel that will provide information about the server machine including:
* CPU load
* Used physical memory
* Total physical meory
* Used swap memory
* Total swap memory

= Monitoring PKI Server Application =

Open Remote -> <hostname> -> Tomcat. It will open a panel that will provide information about the server application including:
* CPU usage
* Heap size
* Maximum heap size
* Used heap size

= See Also =

* [[Java]]
* [https://visualvm.github.io/documentation.html VisualVM Documentation]
* [[SELinux]]
* [https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/management/agent.html Monitoring and Management Using JMX Technology]
* [[JProfiler]]