How do i Increase My Property Value In The Colorado Real Estate Market



Increasing your property value in the Colorado real estate market could be a daunting task. With property values stabilizing or declining in a few markets around Colorado, it is increasingly challenging for homeowners to recognize a return-on-investment using their small remodels.

Based on Remodeling Magazine's 2006 "Cost vs. Value " report, the price for many remodeling projects in 2006 increased while the return on investment decreased. Apparently, a mid-range kitchen remodel with an average cost of $54,000 only returned 80.4% versus a 91% return on $43,862 in 2005.

How can a house owner increase their property value? From our experience consulting homeowners and investors, we strongly advise these to research the property improvements of other houses in the neighborhood. Know what improvements and also the excellence of the improvements neighbors are earning for their homes. For instance, if you are installing two inch slab granite countertops and everyone else has Formica laminate countertops, most likely you will not realize coming back on your investment.

[http://twitter.com/#!/skihomesonline MLS listings Vail Colorado]

Typically, you will need to concentrate on areas which are most important to buyers - foyer flooring, your kitchen, bathrooms, two-tone interior paint and cleaning exterior finishes and landscaping. It is best to avoid renovations to master suites, sun rooms as well as office additions.

The most important factor to consider before starting a home improvement project is to analyze your local real estate market within your neighborhood in Colorado. Some neighborhoods around the Colorado housing market are experiencing a substantial return-on-investment with do it yourself projects, whereas other home improvement projects are noticed being an over-improvement for that community.

Of course, identify and work with a Colorado realtor which has experience in the real estate investment market and skilled in determining what home improvement projects yield the greatest return-on-investment for the local market.