Electronic Cigarettes - A Healthier Alternative To Smoking



There is a completely new invention that everyone who smokes ought to know about. It's known as the electronic cigarette, also known as a electronic cigarette or e-cigarette, and it is changing the legal landscape for cigarette smokers around the world.

The patented Ecigarette offers to effectively simulate the expertise of smoking an actual cigarette, without any from the health or legalities surrounding traditional cigarettes.

While Electronic cigarettes look, feel and taste much like traditional cigarettes, they function very differently. The thing is, electric cigarettes don't actually burn any tobacco, but instead, whenever you inhale from an e-cigarette, you activate a "flow censor" which releases a water vapor containing nicotine, propylene glycol, and a scent that simulates the flavor of tobacco. All of which only denotes that electronic cigarettes allow you to get your nicotine fix while avoiding all the carcinogens found in traditional cigarettes such as tar, glue, hundreds of additives, and hydrocarbons.

[http://rhizome.org/discuss/thanks/?c=88354 e-liquid]

In addition to being healthier than traditional cigarettes, and perhaps most importantly of all, is the fact that electronic cigarettes are completely legal. Because Electric cigarettes do not involve tobacco, you are able to legally smoke them anywhere that traditional cigarettes are prohibited such as bars, restaurants, the work place, even on airplanes. Furthermore, electronic cigarettes permit you to smoke with no fears of inflicting harm on others because of nasty smoke.

The refillable cartridges come in a multitude of flavors as well as nicotine strengths. You will get regular, menthol, even apple and strawberry flavored cartridges and nicotine strengths come in full, medium, light, and none. While electric cigarettes are technically a "smoking alternative" as opposed to a quitting smoking device, the plethora of nicotine strengths offers some obvious potential as an aid in the ones attempts to quit smoking and seems to be proving popular within that market.

The nice thing about electric cigarettes as apposed to say, nicotine patches, is that e-cigarettes make the same tactile sensation and oral fixation that smokers desire, while satisfying ones tobacco cravings as well. When you have a drag from n electronic cigarette you really feel the your lungs fill having a warm tobacco flavored smoke and when you exhale the smoke billows out of your lungs much like regular smoking, however, as mentioned, that smoke is really a much healthier water vapor that quickly evaporates and for that reason doesn't offend anyone within the immediate vicinity.

While electronic cigarettes have been around for a while in a variety of incarnations, it's been recent advances in the technology in addition to increasing restrictions against smoking that have propelled the e-cigarette right into a new found popularity. If you are interested in a healthier option to smoking, or if you simply wish to have the liberty to smoke whenever and wherever you would like, an electronic cigarette may be the solution you have been looking for.