HI All,
 I am  doing integration activity with RHEL4.0 certificate System7.3 
 and PSG card. RedHat Certificate System 7.3 supports two hardware modules by default.
 First one is Safenet LunaSA and other one is Ncipher Nfast.
 It also provides support for other Hardware modules.But for this we 
 have to add hardware module in subsystem database manually with 
 modutil utility. But in Key Store panel of CA subsystem it does not show the manually 
 added h/w module.
 We have followed the same steps given in Redhat Certificate system 
 administration guide.
Below links helps you more to understand what steps we have followed:-

 http://www.redhat.com/docs/manuals/cert-system/7.3/html/Administration
 _G 
 uide/Administration_Guide-Managing_Tokens-Using_Hardware_Security_Modu
 le
 s_with_Subsystems.html

 http://www.redhat.com/docs/manuals/cert-system/7.3/html/Administration
 _G 
 uide/Administration_Guide-Using_Hardware_Security_Modules_with_Subsyst
 em s-Installing_External_Tokens_and_Unsupported_HSM.html
 http://www.redhat.com/docs/manuals/cert-system/7.3/html/Administration
 _G 
 uide/Administration_Guide-Managing_Tokens-Managing_Tokens_Used_by_the_
 Su
 bsystems.html


 For LunaSA HSM works with Red Hat Certificate System, We have to add 
 this configuration parameter to /etc/Chrystoki.conf:
 Misc { NetscapeCustomize=1023; }

 But In case of PSG we don't have any Chrystoki.conf.

 So first Issue is what is significance of Misc { 
 NetscapeCustomize=1023; } parameter.

Any help will be appriciated.....

Thanks 
Yateendra