== http://www.cheapjordansretroshoes.com/38 6 ==

Steps to make Manufacturer Such as Nike through Li Ken within Buying or Style Design (submitted 2011-11-11) [http://en.netlog.com/neolinde/blog/blogid=11095663 polo ralph lauren shoes]<br>Nike is actually utilizing private method to popularize the actual golf ball footwear.<br>It's not even close to the solution. You'll be able to possess a long term research as well as We and then state that it's the actual most detrimental method of maintaining secrets and techniques within the sports activities shoes' globe. Nike is really a large organization along with having 1 hundreds of thousands bucks. The actual sports activities footwear as well as clothing that are increasing have been in everywhere. The tv ads [http://www.directorise.com/listing/346872-How-Do-Christian-Louboutin-Sneakers-at-All-Periods-Deal-with-to-Stay-Famous-and-Celebrated.html ralph lauren polo shirts], large image associated with sports activities guy about the skyscrapers and also the outfits associated with well-known university tend to be imprinted these types of info. It's very obvious for all of us within our everyday life. Nevertheless [http://contribute.sfgate.com/ver1.0/PersonaBlog/BlogRss?plckBlogId=Blog:ulysseslohse113 christian louboutin sneakers], it will require money with regard to Nike in order to carrying this out. The actual Nike may have the change associated with by itself within the portable associated with promoting. There's also a few types of greatest Nike footwear that you simply tend to be viewing prior to.<br>Nike may be the a few couple of gear manufacturers to create much more habits. Within the 12 months associated with 1964 [http://www.lagbook.com/blogs/2024249 discount christian louboutin shoes], Azure Bow Sports activities experienced setup. Within the 12 months associated with 1978 Nike organization experienced turn out to be 1 person in Lot of money 500 Organization. The actual title originates from the triumph associated with Ancient greek goddess along with a organization demands correct manufacturer. Also it is victorious great title through open public as well as expert for example Nike.<br>Nike will require motion to aid higher great title sports activities males or even organizations. The actual Nike mantra "Just Perform It" offers acquired therefore well-liked by enthusiasts associated with Nike through worldwide. Nike continues to be utilizing a easy Swoosh in the 12 months associated with 1972 in order to these days. The easy tag associated with Nike is actually swoosh that is indicating the merchandise goes in order to Nike organization as well as there isn't any essential for Nike to possess a title.<br>The main reason associated with development associated with large organization is actually that there's growing kinds of items associated with Nike in the previous in order to right now as well as Nike as well as Nike experienced 1 correct ratings as well as great operating methods. Nike may displaying their own items towards the clients along with utilizing their well-known title or even utilizing their component organization.<br>There are several opportinity for Nike to create their own item recognized through individuals as well as the highest quality as well as incredible designs would be the assure associated with maintaining greatest title with regard to Nike. Even though we're able to pay for to purchase a few Nike items previously [http://contribute.sfgate.com/ver1.0/PersonaBlog/BlogRss?plckBlogId=Blog:emilhopper512 Christian Louboutin Boots], you will see more advanced cost which has marketplaces since the lucrative brought on by brand lately. Exactly what point could make Nike in order to action to the family member marketplaces very quickly? Within the 12 months associated with 1977 [http://www.iamsport.org/pg/blog/neolinde511/read/8884171/fred-perry-a-brand-in-focus polo rugby], the easy ad is really a achievement with regard to Nike. Very quickly Nike setup ad along with attribute. There's just one athlete along with functions to possess a operate on the highway together with marketplaces which stating "There isn't any complete lines". Nike experienced several company associated with paper prints because the achievement associated with easy Nike advert.<br>Lately Nike is actually helping a number of associated with well-known activity males as well as sports activities group constantly. Nike offers benefit host to promoting their own items amongst several 100 as well as 60 nations. Concerning the Writer<br><br><br>Containers Nike jordans is really a licensed The nike jordan footwear shop on the internet. These people existing great deal associated with Chaussure Nike jordans from cheapest cost. Obtain the cheapest cost right now [http://www.weeklyvolcano.com/community/people/quentingilli614/posts/Fred-Perry-Polo-Shirts/ cheap ralph lauren polo]!<ul>
read more
  
   <li>[http://birderinfoblog.com/blogs/entry/www-jordanretrossale-com67-9 http://birderinfoblog.com/blogs/entry/www-jordanretrossale-com67-9]</li>
  
   <li><a href="http://www.pornface.info/profile.php?user=zjt26g9z0&v=comments&v=comments" target="_blank">http://www.pornface.info/profile.php?user=zjt26g9z0&v=comments&v=comments</a></li>
  
   <li>[http://zone.lidodo.com/u/treiengos38/Blog.aspx/t-198130 http://zone.lidodo.com/u/treiengos38/Blog.aspx/t-198130]</li>
  
   <li><a href="http://psiprofil.cz/jcow/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/2871" target="_blank">http://psiprofil.cz/jcow/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/2871</a></li>
  
   <li><a href="http://shoppingcenter-jp.com/shoppingcenter-jp-communities/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/227579" target="_blank">http://shoppingcenter-jp.com/shoppingcenter-jp-communities/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/227579</a></li>
  
 </ul>
postby:bf0814

== 临床上常有&ldquo ==

<p style="text-align: center"><span style="font-size: medium">中国灸是我国古代最重要的治病方法之一</span></p>
<p>中国灸是我国古代最重要的治病方法之一。它是用药物烧灼穴位，将人能转换成生物内能，激活人体经络，调节肌体生理平衡，达到治病目的的一中内病外治方法。《汉书 艺文志》综合古代治病方法为灸熨，针刺，汤药三法，而灸法可广泛治疗内，外，妇，儿，五官等各科疾病，对各种急性病，慢性病，常见病，疑难病均可施治，临床上常有&ldquo;一炷着肤，疼痛立止；一次施灸，沉疴即除&rdquo;的案例。本品秉承传统灸法扶正袪邪、治病求本的治疗原理，采用现代工艺方式制作而成。其特点是具有灸疗和药疗双重作用，效果更显现。</p>
<p>现代灸疗制品&ldquo;中国灸&rdquo;是中国国灸研究院组织众多专家历经十数年的综合研究取得的国家级高科技成果。</p>
<p>中国灸是类似一个口罩的贴剂，一共分两层，第一层是药物层，第 二层是发热和恒温层，可以长达12－16小时恒温，温度可通过温控贴减少氧气的进入而达到调节目的。 包括前列腺灸 腰痛灸 [http://www.xiaoerjiu.com/ 感冒灸] 痛经灸 颈椎病灸 [http://www.xiaoerjiu.com/ 哮喘灸] 风湿灸 [http://www.xiaoerjiu.com/ 艾灸治疗感冒] 强肾灸 活血壮骨灸 肩周炎灸 胃炎灸 [http://www.xiaoerjiu.com/ 咳嗽灸] 便秘灸 结肠炎灸 冠心病灸 足疗灸等等。</p>
<p>崭新的&ldquo;[http://www.xiaoerjiu.com/ 中国灸]&rdquo;是秉承古老灸法治病求本的原理，通过运用多种现代科技手段制成功的。其作用机制是：一方面因为自动发热的&ldquo;中国灸&rdquo;为人体提供了能量，从而激活免疫因素，增强了治病的白细胞的数量，增强了中性粒细胞和巨细胞的吞噬活性，并使其吞噬功能增强；另一方面，热量使得皮肤表面的毛孔扩张，使大量受热后溶解出来的药物分子可以快速透到皮下，利用最短的经路路径，直达病变位，不经过无关器脏，从而不对五官器脏产生任何毒副作用 [http://www.xiaoerjiu.com/ 咳嗽灸哪些穴位]。</p>
<p>古代的隔物灸系是将纯天然名贵中药材研末，置于肚脐或者相关穴位上，四周以面粉团围住，以防泄气，将穿有小孔的槐树皮或者生姜片置于其上，再将枣核大小的艾柱9至12壮置于槐树皮或者生姜片上，点燃施灸。一般需要数百甚至上千壮，耗时3至6小时。作为强壮保健、抗衰老之用，必须常年温灸，持之以恒，故称为&ldquo;炼脐&rdquo;或者&ldquo;蒸脐&rdquo;。现代隔物灸衍生的形式多种多样，其中中国灸却另辟蹊径的运用直接灸贴的方法，由此促进隔药灸、隔物灸迅速发展。[1]?</p>
<p>中国灸是对古代隔物灸的继承与创新。</p><ul>
Read More
  
   <li>[http://www.run.hynets.cn/home.php?mod=space&uid=11292 http://www.run.hynets.cn/home.php?mod=space&uid=11292]</li>
  
   <li>[http://www.eosclub.net/home.php?mod=space&uid=21535 http://www.eosclub.net/home.php?mod=space&uid=21535]</li>
  
   <li>[http://jz.hnmama.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=606365 http://jz.hnmama.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=606365]</li>
  
 </ul>

== 会影响神经和血管 ==

<p style="list-style-type: none; word-wrap: normal; font-size: 14px; border-top: 0px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; border-right: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom: 0px; text-transform: none; word-break: normal; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); padding-bottom: 0px; font-style: normal; text-align: left; padding-top: 0px; padding-left: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 5px; border-left: 0px; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: 21px; padding-right: 0px; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial"><span style="word-wrap: normal; word-break: normal; color: rgb(255,0,0); line-height: 21px"><span style="word-wrap: normal; font-size: 20px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; word-break: normal; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: 30px; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial"><strong style="font-weight: bold"><span style="word-wrap: normal; word-break: normal; color: rgb(255,0,0); line-height: 30px">镇疼灸的介绍与用法<br />
</span></strong></span><span style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; float: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; display: inline !important; letter-spacing: normal; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">适用范围：</span><br style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial" />
<span style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; float: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; display: inline !important; letter-spacing: normal; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">1、所有骨骼和肌肉的病变，以疼痛为主的症状</span><br style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial" />
<span style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; float: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; display: inline !important; letter-spacing: normal; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">2、所有退形性的病变，比如：骨质疏松、骨质增生、软组织的损伤</span><br style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial" />
<span style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; float: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; display: inline !important; letter-spacing: normal; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">3、消化系统，以胃疼为主的，比如：各种胃炎、萎缩性胃炎、胃下垂</span><br style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial" />
<span style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; float: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; display: inline !important; letter-spacing: normal; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">4、痛经</span><br style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial" />
<span style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; float: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; display: inline !important; letter-spacing: normal; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">&nbsp;</span><wbr style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial"></wbr><wbr style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial"></wbr><br style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial" />
<span style="word-wrap: normal; font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; word-break: normal; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(255,0,0); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: 21px; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">药物成份：<br />
</span><span style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; float: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; display: inline !important; letter-spacing: normal; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">以活血的药物为主，作用是以活血状为它的主要作用</span><br style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial" />
<span style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; float: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; display: inline !important; letter-spacing: normal; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">[http://www.xiaoerjiu.com/ 镇痛灸]发热为是13个小时，是其他产品不可能达到的效果</span><br style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial" />
<span style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; float: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; display: inline !important; letter-spacing: normal; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">&nbsp;</span><wbr style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial"></wbr><wbr style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial"></wbr><br style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial" />
<span style="word-wrap: normal; font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; word-break: normal; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(255,0,0); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: 21px; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">与西医的区别<br />
</span><span style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; float: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; display: inline !important; letter-spacing: normal; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">1、服用镇疼类的药物，会产生成瘾性，同时会引起肌肉的呼吸抑制</span><br style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial" />
<span style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; float: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; display: inline !important; letter-spacing: normal; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">2、激素类的药物，会引起骨质疏松</span><br style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial" />
<span style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; float: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; display: inline !important; letter-spacing: normal; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">3、减热疼痛剂，在药性很强的时候阻断你疼痛的感觉，是感觉不到疼痛的，但病症还存在，也就是治表不治，不良反应如：胃肠道的反应和肾脏</span><br style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial" />
<span style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; float: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; display: inline !important; letter-spacing: normal; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">&nbsp;</span><wbr style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial"></wbr><wbr style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial"></wbr><br style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial" />
<span style="word-wrap: normal; font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; word-break: normal; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(255,0,0); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: 21px; text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">镇疼灸的原理<br />
</span><span style="font-size: 14px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; float: none; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); font-style: normal; text-align: left; orphans: 2; widows: 2; display: inline !important; letter-spacing: normal; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial">不抑制疼痛因子的产生，把已经产生的非炎性的物质，通过灸疗、热疗、药疗把局部的血液循环加快并吸收掉，疼痛就减轻了，通过临床半个小时&mdash;1个小时的时间内，疼痛就会明显的有很大程度的减轻</span></span></p>
<p style="list-style-type: none; word-wrap: normal; font-size: 14px; border-top: 0px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; border-right: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom: 0px; text-transform: none; word-break: normal; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); padding-bottom: 0px; font-style: normal; text-align: left; padding-top: 0px; padding-left: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 5px; border-left: 0px; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: 21px; padding-right: 0px; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial"><span style="word-wrap: normal; word-break: normal; color: rgb(255,0,0); line-height: 21px">各种病症的施灸方法<br />
一、骨骼和肌肉的病变：关节、脊柱、肌肉<br />
</span>1、脊柱：颈椎、腰椎、胸椎（颈椎、腰椎的发病率很高，都有单独支撑部位，都是向前弯曲的），从颈椎上第3节&mdash;7节都是好发疾病的位置，以大椎为主（颈椎第7节），或大椎以上的位置都可以用我们的镇疼灸贴服，不局限于大椎穴。<br />
2、以手臂上面的：上肢、前臂、手脂尖的酸、麻、肿、胀为主要症状，或带有这些症状：<br />
◆如放射到手脂尖（任何手脂尖）：在大椎附近施灸，或大椎向上1&mdash;2个椎体的部位。<br />
◆如果没有放射到手脂尖，我们进行施灸从第3椎开始很容易压迫神经、血管，压迫神经是麻，压迫血管是头晕、目眩、恶心、呕吐，所以用镇疼灸在我们上原的后发基线进行施灸，是很好的可以缓解症状<br />
3、落枕的人：不能动的一侧的肩井穴附近施灸<br />
4、肩膀附近到颈肩部位：用艾针灸同时施灸肩井穴，用镇疼灸在颈部先找上半部或下半部的问题：<br />
◆如放射到上臂的三角肌（打预防针的部位）：灸三角肌的直点进行施灸，或曲池穴。<br />
◆如放射到前臂、手脂尖：手三里穴（同时这个穴位可以判断是否有神经压迫，直接用手弹拨这个穴位会有酸麻肿胀的感觉）。<br />
5、生理曲度变浅或反弓的现象 [http://www.xiaoerjiu.com/ 儿童灸价格]，会影响神经和血管，引起睡眠不好或多梦：大椎或大椎以上的穴位进行施灸。<br />
6、肩周炎：年龄在50岁左右，男性（阳虚），女性（内分泌失调）<br />
◆男性：镇疼灸灸于肩膀部位，同时[http://www.xiaoerjiu.com/ 腹泻灸]灸于命门穴，补阳气<br />
◆女性：镇疼灸灸于肩膀部位，配合艾针灸灸于双侧的三阴交穴，调理内分泌<br />
动作1.手臂上举有疼痛或举不上来：灸肩峰<br />
动作2.手臂绕举摸对侧的耳朵，如果有疼痛或举不动或不舒服：灸肩夹骨的附近<br />
动作3.手背后背摸对侧的肩夹骨，如上不来：灸锁骨的外侧的下方凹陷处<br />
切记：只有肩关节施灸都是放在晚上贴，白天运动，在贴灸前和灸后都要做15-20分钟的运动。其他都是白天和晚上都可以。<br />
&nbsp;<wbr></wbr><wbr></wbr><br />
<span style="word-wrap: normal; word-break: normal; color: rgb(255,0,0); line-height: 21px">二、退形性的病变：骨质疏松、骨质增生、软组织的损伤<br />
</span>1、腰椎：骨骼和肌肉的问题<br />
◆骨骼的问题：椎间盘突出、钙化，引起椎管里的神经和血管受到压迫，下肢的疼痛多见，或下肢酸麻肿疼的疼痛加重是可以用的，直接把灸施于病变的椎体。<br />
◆腰椎病变的椎体一共有5节（从上到下1-5节），2腰椎为命门穴，第4腰椎，在盆骨（髂骨）最高点，髂骨的两侧平行到腰椎的中点，就是第4腰椎。<br />
腰椎的病变，一般不按压是没有疼痛点。只要找准第几腰椎的位置，直接施灸。<br />
2、坐骨神经痛，有可能是腿上面的痛，同时伴随有臀部的疼痛<br />
◆如疼痛在臀的部位，在腰椎上面找到最痛的点用镇疼灸，在臀部的环跳穴用[http://www.xiaoerjiu.com/ 艾针灸]。<br />
◆如疼痛在腿的部位，外侧：阳陵泉穴用艾针灸，后侧：委中穴用艾针灸，上下同时施灸。<br />
3、风湿类关节炎，骨质增生、疏松、骨刺、损伤、滑膜炎等关节类疾病，直接把镇疼灸贴到关节的附近<br />
◆腕、肘关节：出现腱鞘炎，直接把灸包裹在手腕部位，或肘关节部位。<br />
◆膝关节：除了不要把药片贴在膝盖骨以外，就在它的上下左右灸都可以。<br />
&nbsp;<wbr></wbr><wbr></wbr><br />
所有的骨骼和肌肉的病变：4-6天1个疗程，每疗程间隔1-2天<br />
慢性的腰肌劳损、骨质增生等：3-4个疗程，效果是很理想的<br />
急性的扭伤、拉伤等：有肿胀或淤血的要等冰敷过后24小时 [http://www.xiaoerjiu.com/ 中国灸微商]，没有冰敷要等48小时后<br />
&nbsp;<wbr></wbr><wbr></wbr><br />
<span style="word-wrap: normal; word-break: normal; color: rgb(255,0,0); line-height: 21px">三、胃疼、胃胀气、胃下垂、消化不良等：直接施灸中脘穴<br />
</span>胃病：各种胃炎都可以施灸(但前提要问:有没有黑变，有黑变是说明有出血，这种情况什么灸都不能用)<br />
&nbsp;<wbr></wbr><wbr></wbr><br />
<span style="word-wrap: normal; word-break: normal; color: rgb(255,0,0); line-height: 21px">四、痛经：每个例假周期4天用灸<br />
</span>6-12个周期是可以调理过来的（周期：来例假的第1天-下月例假来的第1天，算是一个周期）连续用6个周期（24贴），慢的话12个周期（48贴），就可以调整好。<br />
◆如例假很准：提前两天用灸，比如5号来例假，就要在3、4号用两天，5、6号也要用灸，连续4天施灸，这个例假周期就不要再用了。等下一个例假再提前两天用，再连续贴4天...<br />
◆如例假不准：提前：从哪天来就开始用，用前两天就可以，推后：到时间点没来，用两天，没有来再停掉，等来了再用2天，推后要用4贴。</p>
<p style="list-style-type: none; word-wrap: normal; font-size: 14px; border-top: 0px; font-family: &quot;Microsoft YaHei&quot;, &quot;Helvetica neue&quot;, simsun; border-right: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom: 0px; text-transform: none; word-break: normal; font-weight: normal; color: rgb(50,62,50); padding-bottom: 0px; font-style: normal; text-align: left; padding-top: 0px; padding-left: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 5px; border-left: 0px; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: 21px; padding-right: 0px; background-color: rgb(220,236,204); text-indent: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial"><font color="#ff0000" style="word-wrap: normal; font-size: 20px; word-break: normal; line-height: 30px"><strong style="font-weight: bold">[http://www.xiaoerjiu.com/ 中国灸] 镇痛灸微信咨询：15359796677</strong></font></p><ul>
Read More
  
   <li>[http://www.chinanpn.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=26320 ]</li>
  
 </ul>