HUD/FHA Approval For Condominium Complexes

It's Important for the Condominium Community to become HUD/FHA Approved

The Feds changed the sport.

You now need to be HUD and FHA approved before your condominium community can offer FHA loans to your buyers. When your complex is approved you must be re-certified every 24 months.

If your condo community isn't HUD/FHA approved you're missing out on a lot of buyers.

For people who can't qualify for conventional loans the FHA loan program is the answer.

Based on DQ News in April 2011 - 33.4% of the purchase mortgages utilized in 20 from the largest metro areas were FHA-Insured and the November 2010 Realtors® Confidence Index reported that Nationally 39 percent of latest buyers purchased a home with FHA-insured loans.

If your condominium community isn't FHA approved you're missing out on lots of potential buyers. This will also affect current homeowners once they visit sell their unit.

For many first time house buyers qualifying for a conventional loan isn't possible. With the FHA there are programs making it feasible for these folks to get affordable financing.

The advantages of the FHA Loan Program

- A low deposit

The FHA program lets buyers put as little as 3.5% of the cost down. Understandably this opens many doors for people that wouldn't well be able to think of a conventional deposit.

[http://www.nyc.net.au/node/159167 condo conversion]

- Help with closing costs

Qualified applicants may also receive as much as 6% towards closing costs. This further reduces the loan and deposit amount.

- Co-Signer requirements

Another area of the program enables a blood relative to co-sign. What makes this program different is when the home-buyers don't have enough credit to qualify on their own a blood relative can co-sign without needing to reside in the house that is being purchased.

With the help of those benefits people with little credit, low and moderate incomes and first time home buyers convey more possibilities to find affordable housing.

These types of people constitute a large part of these buying homes. First time home buyers are often the ones that are less qualified for conventional loans. Without being HUD approved your condo community won't be able to supply affordable financing from the FHA.

Recently HUD made drastic changes to their condo approval program. These changes jeopardize the supply of FHA loans for condominiums.

HUD Changes:

- Elimination of spot approvals

- Mandatory re-certification for projects approved just before October 2009

- Re-certification every 24 months

The removal of spot approval can cause major concern and problems for your condominium community. Spot approvals gave every condo community a method to assist people requiring FHA programs. Loans were decided on an when needed basis.

Should you be relying on spot approvals to obtain financing for all those homebuyers that need FHA assistance that option is no more available. You will not be capable of getting FHA assistance to purchase a home within your community.

Now full HUD approval is required for anybody attempting to use the FHA loan program.

If your condominiums need to be certified or re-certified this is the time to get it done. It is anticipated that there will be a boatload of applications to HUD for FHA approval over the next couple of months consider getting yours in now. First come - first served.