== Contribute ==

There are many ways you can contribute to nuxwdog. This page should provide some basic pointers.

Most of the nuxwdog code originated from the watchdog daemon used to start the NES server. (uxwdog)  This server
was originally used in Red Hat Certificate Server 6.1.  The certificate server has seen moved on to using tomcat as
its servlet engine, but a need arose to prompt for passwords on server startup, and nuxwdog was introduced
into RHCS 8.1.  nuxwdog discussions occur on the dogtag-pki IRC channel on freenode.

== Source Code Repository ==

For the nuxwdog project, we use git for source control. The code can be retrieved with the command

git clone https://github.com/dogtagpki/nuxwdog

== QA, Development and Bug Triage ==

For opening, triaging or resolving Trac tickets for the SSSD, we have a process document describing our bug lifecycle
available.  Furthermore, we have adopted the code style and formatting specification used by the Dogtag project to
describe our C, Java and Perl coding styles.

Our code submission process amounts to this. Clone a copy of the source code repository above. Make some changes and
commit them locally, then send the patch as an attachment to the nuxwdog-devel@lists.fedorahosted.org mailing list. The code 
will be reviewed by one or more engineers on the Dogtag project, and will be replied to either with an "Ack" (in which case the 
code will be pushed to the upstream repository the next time a repo administrator is available) or with a "Nack" (in which 
case the reasons why the patch was refused will be detailed).